# Work Order 15553066

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15553066  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:24:02  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15553066
On 7/26/2024
Dell Warranty Hardware Repair | Est. 1 Hour
Model: LATITUDE 3340
Company: Unisys
	
Time Logged
39.53 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$1,491.16
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Arvind Sawant
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Unisys
Overall satisfaction:
 (5900)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Cell Phone
Equipment	Screwdriver set
Equipment	Torx Wrench Set
Equipment	Anti-static mat and wrist strap
Background Check	Must have passed a background check in the last 12 months
Drug Test	Must have passed a drug test in the last 12 months
Service Description

Overview:

As a Hardware Warranty Technician for *********** you will be required to replace Hardware components on Laptop, Desktop, PC & Tablet systems.
You will be picking up parts at a local Federal Express location.
You are required to download & have access to the **** DFSM application on your mobile phone.
Estimated 30 minutes to 1 hour onsite.
Background Check & Drug Screen required within 12 Months.

 EXPECTATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:

Technicians will be required to attain/have a contractor physical badge.

Maintains a high degree of professionalism in actions, demeanor and dress.
Ensures customer satisfaction throughout the service delivery transaction.
**** DFSM application process is a pre-requirement before service provided.
Rescheduling of WO is not permissible without an approval from ****** Manager.

DRESS CODE: Business Casual - Denim (no holes); No opened toed shoes; No hats or baseball caps; only collared shirts without logos are allowed.

TOOLS REQUIRED:

Cell phone with clear picture capability
Anti-Static Mat w/ Wrist Strap (MUST HAVE)
Review the tool list attached.

PRE-SITE INSTRUCTIONS:

Ensure **** DFSM application is loaded on your phone.
Pick up parts at ******* *******
Call the client to inform them in transit.




ONSITE INSTRUCTIONS: Detailed Step Process is attached "Onsite Part Replacement Procedures" (please use while onsite)

Confirm the system service tag (serial number) of the machine prior to repair.
If it does not match, please contact **** ******* at ************
If physical damage is apparent, contact **** ******* at ************
All communications must be done only through **** ******* at ************* No other numbers are to be used to contact Dell support.
ESD Mat is to be used on EVERY repair.
If the customer is available, confirm the failure they reported.
Replaced parts provided as necessary for the system to operate. Any unused part should be left in the unopened packaging with the seal intact.
Please note that there may be a need to replace ALL parts, which will be defined in the work instructions.
After parts are replaced, test the machine running ePsa for ALL repairs.
Confirm with the client that the system is operable.
If an additional hardware issue is present after hardware is replaced use DFSM Application to order additional parts/labor needed for repair.
Contact the **** DSPQ if unable to order parts and/or additional troubleshooting is needed.
Run DFSM Service Report in **** **** Application defining actions.
Provide closure details to *******
Was there any client-induced damage? Y/N
Provide a description of work completed, including a description of parts replaced and the status of the unit post-repair. (Example: Replace motherboard ePsa: pass or ePsa: fail)
List return waybill.
If the client is unavailable once work is complete, leave a message, note, or verify with the onsite designee.




 ESCALATIONS:

Contact the manager if there are any issues first.
Contact **** DSPQ at ************* Will need the Customer Reference Number/**** DPS
Opt 3 = ********* ** ******** ********* **** ****** **** ***)
Opt 4 = **********

POST SITE REQUIREMENTS

Return Defective Parts to ANY ******* ******* drop box/facility no later than 24 hours after repair.

 

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Privileged and Confidenal Informaon
1
ADDENDUM TO STANDARD WORK ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The addional or supplemental terms and condions of this Addendum shall apply to all Work Orders. In
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 7/21/2024 at 2:50 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 7/22/2024 at 7:28 AM(EDT)
On Site
Enter closeout notes
MONDAY:
CREATED 13 SERVICE REQUESTS:
one could not be finished: website issues
one was cancelled
and 8 have been approved
two were redos from Friday

added 10 assets to the complete/out of warranty status: work from last week
22 boxes arrived with parts for 22 assets


TUESDAY
13 BOXED OF PARTS ARRIVED
MOVED 10 MORE TO COMPLETED AND 12 MORE TO OUT OF WARRANTY
MATCHED ASSETS TO THE PARTS THAT ARRIVED
COMPLETED REDOS FROM SERVICE REQUESTS FROM YESTERDAY
CONFIRMED CAMERA ONLY ASSETS ON TABLE
MOVED ALL ASSETS WITH PARTS THAT HAVE ARRIVED TO SEPERATE TABLE TO START REPAIRS ONCE ALL OF THE PARTS HAVE BEEN ORDERED

WEDNESDAY
VERIFIED COMPLETION OF 47 ASSETS: 24 HAD REPAIRS AND 22 WERE OUT OF WARRANTY
COMPLETED REPAIRS ON NEWLY ARRIVED PARTS: SWAPPED PARTS AND TROUBLESHOOTED 4 ASSETS
INFORMED TOM THAT I WILL HAVE 43 ASSETS TO PICK UP ON FRIDAY(OR TOMORROW)

VERIFIED ALL ORDERS WERE APPROVED FROM YESTERDAY AND COMPLETED THE REDO IF MORE INFORMATION WAS ASKED OF ME

THURSDAY
REPAIRED AND COMPLETED FIVE ASSETS
UPDATED SPREADSHEET IN THE MORNING
LABELED ALL DELIVERED BOXES WITH SERVICE TAG AND PARTS TO BE REPLACED
SORTED FROM EASIEST TO MOST DIFFICULT

LISA AND ANGUS WILL CONTINUE ON THE EASY REPAIRS TOMORROW.

FRIDAY
Completed reapirs on two assets
Started service requests for cameras: I have not heard back about the bulk camera order. I need to documents troubleshooting steps and remain under warranty.
Let me know if you are able to order a special bulk order.
Completed by you on 7/22/2024 at 4:09 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 7/26/2024 at 2:03 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Model*
LATITUDE 3340



Problem Description*
Project; onsite troubleshooting and repair
Provider Custom Fields
General

Part Return Waybill Number*Provide the tracking number for the parts being returned
3
Time Log
39.53 Total hours
1.66 hours
7/26/2024 at 12:21 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
7/26/2024 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/26/2024 at 12:21 PM(EDT)
3.88 hours
7/26/2024 at 7:56 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
7/26/2024 at 11:49 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/26/2024 at 7:56 AM(EDT)
0.25 hours
7/26/2024 at 7:28 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
7/26/2024 at 7:43 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/26/2024 at 7:42 AM(EDT)
3.38 hours
7/25/2024 at 1:20 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
7/25/2024 at 4:43 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/25/2024 at 1:20 PM(EDT)
5.33 hours
7/25/2024 at 7:25 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
7/25/2024 at 12:44 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/25/2024 at 7:25 AM(EDT)
3.77 hours
7/24/2024 at 12:30 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
7/24/2024 at 4:16 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/26/2024 at 2:03 PM(EDT)
4.27 hours
7/24/2024 at 7:43 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
7/24/2024 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/24/2024 at 7:44 AM(EDT)
3.39 hours
7/23/2024 at 12:52 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
7/23/2024 at 4:16 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/23/2024 at 12:52 PM(EDT)
4.57 hours
7/23/2024 at 7:50 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
7/23/2024 at 12:24 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/23/2024 at 7:50 AM(EDT)
3.98 hours
7/22/2024 at 1:02 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
7/22/2024 at 5:01 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/22/2024 at 1:02 PM(EDT)
5.05 hours
7/22/2024 at 7:28 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
7/22/2024 at 12:31 PM(EDT)
0.15 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/22/2024 at 7:28 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
dailyworkreport_unisys725.xlsx(157.56 KB)
7/25/2024 at 5:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
28-day terms (processed on the fifth Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 4 days 
Learn more
Labor
$1,778.85
Rate
$45.00
Hours
39.53 Logged / 40 Ma...
Service Charges3
$282.84
Taxes1
$4.85
Sum
Work Order Cost
$1,778.85
Total Service Charges
$282.84
Taxes
$4.85
Total
$1,491.16
Schedule
Mon, Jul 22, 2024

Arrive at 7:30 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8.5 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
South Burlington, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
