# Work Order 15608002

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15608002  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:24:31  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15608002
On 8/9/2024
Dell Warranty Hardware Repair | Est. 1 Hour
Model: LATITUDE 3340
Company: Unisys
	
Time Logged
36.58 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$1,379.88
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Arvind Sawant
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Unisys
Overall satisfaction:
 (5900)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Cell Phone
Equipment	Screwdriver set
Equipment	Torx Wrench Set
Equipment	Anti-static mat and wrist strap
Background Check	Must have passed a background check in the last 12 months
Drug Test	Must have passed a drug test in the last 12 months
Service Description

Overview:

As a Hardware Warranty Technician for *********** you will be required to replace Hardware components on Laptop, Desktop, PC & Tablet systems.
You will be picking up parts at a local Federal Express location.
You are required to download & have access to the **** DFSM application on your mobile phone.
Estimated 30 minutes to 1 hour onsite.
Background Check & Drug Screen required within 12 Months.

 EXPECTATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:

Technicians will be required to attain/have a contractor physical badge.

Maintains a high degree of professionalism in actions, demeanor and dress.
Ensures customer satisfaction throughout the service delivery transaction.
**** DFSM application process is a pre-requirement before service provided.
Rescheduling of WO is not permissible without an approval from ****** Manager.

DRESS CODE: Business Casual - Denim (no holes); No opened toed shoes; No hats or baseball caps; only collared shirts without logos are allowed.

TOOLS REQUIRED:

Cell phone with clear picture capability
Anti-Static Mat w/ Wrist Strap (MUST HAVE)
Review the tool list attached.

PRE-SITE INSTRUCTIONS:

Ensure **** DFSM application is loaded on your phone.
Pick up parts at ******* *******
Call the client to inform them in transit.




ONSITE INSTRUCTIONS: Detailed Step Process is attached "Onsite Part Replacement Procedures" (please use while onsite)

Confirm the system service tag (serial number) of the machine prior to repair.
If it does not match, please contact **** ******* at ************
If physical damage is apparent, contact **** ******* at ************
All communications must be done only through **** ******* at ************* No other numbers are to be used to contact Dell support.
ESD Mat is to be used on EVERY repair.
If the customer is available, confirm the failure they reported.
Replaced parts provided as necessary for the system to operate. Any unused part should be left in the unopened packaging with the seal intact.
Please note that there may be a need to replace ALL parts, which will be defined in the work instructions.
After parts are replaced, test the machine running ePsa for ALL repairs.
Confirm with the client that the system is operable.
If an additional hardware issue is present after hardware is replaced use DFSM Application to order additional parts/labor needed for repair.
Contact the **** DSPQ if unable to order parts and/or additional troubleshooting is needed.
Run DFSM Service Report in **** **** Application defining actions.
Provide closure details to *******
Was there any client-induced damage? Y/N
Provide a description of work completed, including a description of parts replaced and the status of the unit post-repair. (Example: Replace motherboard ePsa: pass or ePsa: fail)
List return waybill.
If the client is unavailable once work is complete, leave a message, note, or verify with the onsite designee.




 ESCALATIONS:

Contact the manager if there are any issues first.
Contact **** DSPQ at ************* Will need the Customer Reference Number/**** DPS
Opt 3 = ********* ** ******** ********* **** ****** **** ***)
Opt 4 = **********

POST SITE REQUIREMENTS

Return Defective Parts to ANY ******* ******* drop box/facility no later than 24 hours after repair.

 

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Privileged and Confidenal Informaon
1
ADDENDUM TO STANDARD WORK ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The addional or supplemental terms and condions of this Addendum shall apply to all Work Orders. In
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 7/31/2024 at 4:35 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 8/5/2024 at 12:51 PM(EDT)
On Site
Enter closeout notes
MONDAY
34 Completed assets and turned over to Tom this morning
10 parts are being shipped to arrive today: cameras
3 assets with motherboards on delay
7 assets with redo or under review in dispatch summary

13 more completed and ready for pickup

TUESDAY
WORKED ON 4 CAMERA INSTALLATIONS
ASSETS have driver incompatibility between motherboard and camera

worked on chromebooks with lingering issues

WEDNESDAY
5 assets ready for pickup
worked on finalizing spreadsheet for submittal
Continued to work on delivered parts/installs
THURSDAY
Worked on troublesome assets: spoke with Tom about three assets that will be delayed
worked on final service requests
2 assets ready for pickup
FRIDAY
worked on totaling parts shipped in spreadsheet
spoke with Dell tech support and two assets will have parts shipped for Monday
One asset ready for pickup
No parts were onsite until 11 am; adjusted my schedule to arrive when parts are onsite

REMAINING WORK
8 WITH PARTS DELAYS
4 WITH MOBO/CAMERA DRIVER ISSUES

4 PARTS ARE ARRIVING ON MONDAY
TURNING OVER 16 ASSETS TO TOM
Completed by you on 8/9/2024 at 4:11 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 8/9/2024 at 4:22 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Model*
LATITUDE 3340



Problem Description*
Project; onsite troubleshooting and repair
Provider Custom Fields
General

Part Return Waybill Number*Provide the tracking number for the parts being returned
3
Time Log
36.58 Total hours
5.18 hours
8/9/2024 at 11:11 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
8/9/2024 at 4:22 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/9/2024 at 11:11 AM(EDT)
6.18 hours
8/8/2024 at 11:12 AM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
8/8/2024 at 5:23 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/8/2024 at 11:12 AM(EDT)
4.25 hours
8/7/2024 at 1:30 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
8/7/2024 at 5:45 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/7/2024 at 2:40 PM(EDT)
3.25 hours
8/7/2024 at 9:45 AM(EDT)
0.16 miles from site
8/7/2024 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
0.16 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/8/2024 at 5:39 PM(EDT)
2.47 hours
8/6/2024 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
8/6/2024 at 4:28 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/6/2024 at 4:01 PM(EDT)
5.12 hours
8/6/2024 at 8:11 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
8/6/2024 at 1:18 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/6/2024 at 8:11 AM(EDT)
5.33 hours
8/5/2024 at 1:30 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
8/5/2024 at 6:50 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/9/2024 at 4:22 PM(EDT)
4.8 hours
8/5/2024 at 8:12 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
8/5/2024 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/5/2024 at 12:51 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
dailyworkreport_unisys809.xlsx(100.98 KB)
8/9/2024 at 4:23 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
28-day terms (processed on the fifth Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 4 days 
Learn more
Labor
$1,646.10
Rate
$45.00
Hours
36.58 Logged / 40 Ma...
Service Charges3
$261.73
Taxes1
$4.49
Sum
Work Order Cost
$1,646.10
Total Service Charges
$261.73
Taxes
$4.49
Total
$1,379.88
Schedule
Mon, Aug 5, 2024

Arrive at 7:30 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8.5 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
South Burlington, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
