# Work Order 616394

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/616394  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:55:30  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#616394
On 9/13/2013
Update Circuit Board Firmware
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$22.50
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jamie Knock
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
13
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description
STRONG CUSTOMER SERVICE skills are of the utmost importance. You are entering a high-paced, demanding location and are a reflection of the company. Professionalism is a must with this project. If there are any issues they should be reported real time.

Project will likely last 3 full days.  There will be another tech meeting you onsite to assist with the 142 carts and 63 charging bays.

A tehcnician is needed to update medical cart and charger bay firmware.  The technician will be provided AVR programmers, AVR software and all necessary USB connecting cables.  The technician must download and install the utility via dropbox link provided in the documentation prior to going to site.
The technician will use their laptop and provided AVR programmer to connect to medical carts in the hospital and upgrade the firmware in the machine. If the utility fails, you may need to remove the cover and update the boards directly. Please read over the tools requirements.
 The technician may need to go in patient's rooms to gain access to the medical carts.  The technicians must keep track of the carts being upgraded by updating the attached excel spreadsheet...in addition to keeping the site contact updated on all actions
 

 
***Equipment Goal is 6.5 units upgraded per Hour***
 
Technician should co1
When technician arrives onsite he must contact the in-house IT person. 
 
Two sets of directions are provided.

The Mobius Update Utility is the one that should always be used.
The Mobius 3 Circuit Board Programming Instructions are only to be used if the Mobus Utility does NOT work.
Then if neither work, call into Essintial for assistance
Essintial will work with you and then conference you in with Stinger Technical Support
Tools Required:

Have a Laptop with usb connection
Have the Microsoft Office Excel program on laptop
Know how to use Excel to add and edit information in the cells
Be able to download additional programs, if needed
Have a USB extension cable just in case it is needed
Must be familiar with USB connections and laptops ( if there is an issue, reseat the cable, make sure it is tight etc.) *USB male to femal extension cable
T15 L-shaped Torx wrench
T27 L- shaped Torx wrench
7/16' Wrench
Phillips screwdriver
Zipties (a handful will be provided in kit that we will ship to you)
Drill preferred (we will send torx bits in the kit). This is to remove stripped screws in case we need to open the unit to update the board directly
AVR studio installed prior to visit to site

Technician Dress Code:

Must have a collared shirt (polo shirt is fine)
Must be clean and neat in appearance
 NO JEANS are allowed
View Less
Policies & Procedures
By accepting this work order you also agree to receive and respond to phone calls and SMS messages confirming your readiness to perform the work as detailed.

WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. REAL TIME
View More
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
8/26/2013 at 6:30 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/26/2013 at 6:36 PM(EDT)
0 hours
8/26/2013 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
0 hours
8/23/2013 at 8:00 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/23/2013 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
0 hours
8/22/2013 at 10:00 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
0 hours
8/21/2013 at 9:03 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
0 hours
8/20/2013 at 8:00 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Currently checked in
40.83 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/20/2013 at 8:29 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (5)
stingerendofdayformthornton824.xls(37.89 KB)
8/27/2013 at 3:00 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
stingerendofdayformthornton824.xls(35.33 KB)
8/24/2013 at 12:39 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
stingerendofdayformthornton.xls(33.79 KB)
8/23/2013 at 9:00 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
820end of day tech form.xls(29.7 KB)
8/22/2013 at 7:36 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
820end of day tech form.xls(28.16 KB)
8/21/2013 at 1:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$25.00
Rate
$25.00
Hours
43.83 Max

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges1
$2.50
Sum
Work Order Cost
$25.00
Total Service Charges
$2.50
Total
$22.50
Schedule
Wed, Aug 21, 2013

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New Brunswick, NJ 08903 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
