# Work Order 302831

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/302831  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:48:04  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#302831
On 8/14/2012
Technician Needed for Thurs Morning!
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$37.35
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Rhonda Gonder
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
6
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description

TECH MUST READ THE WHOLE WORK ORDER because the Serial Numbers of the cart are listed once you accept the work order!
Technician needed at Brookhaven Memorial Hospital to replace 1 monitor provided by the customer. Tech will also be prepared to check 15 carts and retighten casters or replace casters (depending on problem when you arrive) on the hospital carts. Technician will bring tools to perform the rework and be prepared to spend the day there if necessary. General tools needed including a ¾” deep socket & rachet.   You will also need a 5/16” Allen wrench that we will send to the location with the instructions in the box with the parts which MUST be returned with any unused parts.  Due to space restrictions on the cart, the customer is sending and will actually grind off some of the allen wrench so the tech can get at the nut that holds the casters.
Technician selected MUST be dressed business casual and neat in appearance and be able to follow simple directions. Customer service skills need to be excellent!

 

Here is the information for the rework operation planned for this Thursday 8/9/2012 @8:00AM

Hospital:  Brookhaven Memorial Hospital

Address:  101 Hospital Road

                 East Patchogue, NY 11772

Project:  Check and tighten (4) casters on (15) carts… detailed work instructions to follow.  We also will need the tech to change out (1) damaged monitor with a monitor we are sending.

 

We are planning on sending necessary hardware, Loctite, Allen Wrench and spare casters this afternoon to arrive tomorrow so everything should be ready for the tech when you arrive on Thursday morning @ 8:00AM sharp!

View Less
Policies & Procedures
By accepting this work order you also agree to receive and respond to phone calls and SMS messages confirming your readiness to perform the work as detailed.

WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. REAL TIME
View More
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
8/9/2012 at 9:06 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (3)
tickets brookhaven wo.jpeg(390.84 KB)
8/10/2012 at 9:31 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
wo080920122.jpeg(307.87 KB)
8/10/2012 at 9:26 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
wo08092012.jpeg(666.47 KB)
8/10/2012 at 9:26 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$18.00
Rate
$18.00
Hours
8.5 Max
Additional Charges1
$23.50
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges1
$4.15
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$41.50
Total Service Charges
$4.15
Total
$37.35
Schedule
Thu, Aug 9, 2012

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Cannot Find Location
Verify the provided address is correct.
Work order site
East Patchogue, NY 11772 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
