# Work Order 15612466

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15612466  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:24:38  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15612466
On 8/9/2024
Victoria's Secret - iPad Upgrade
Company: IW Technologies
	
Time Logged
1.09 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$62.85
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
IW Dispatch
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: IW Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (18364)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Overview:

﻿The technician assigned to the work order MUST be the technician onsite NO EXCEPTIONS. Any violations will be taken very seriously and escalated to Field Nation and the work order will not be approved for payment.

IW Technologies needs experienced technicians to upgrade and configure an iPad unit. The technician will have to de-install and box old equipment and LEAVE it on site with the manager.

You NEED TO BE ON TIME - Lates can result in delays and penalties.

This should take less than 1 hour with no issues.  

IW On-Site Technician to install a new iPad Pro or 10” iPad to replace the current end of life AIO. If an iPad is utilized a new mount will be secured to the current AIO mount. The tech will affix the iPort device to the existing mount and use the existing thumb screws to secure the device. iPads will not require a software build. 
NOTE THE VESA MOUNT - You will affix the iPort device to the existing mount. Tech will need to use the thumb screws that are already holding the existing AIO in place. The cabling should be routed through the wall mount before putting the rubber grommet back in
DO NOT disconnect power cable from iPort. It is Hard Wired




Qty of iPad to replace: 1




Tool Requirements:

Basic Tools (wrenches, screwdrivers, etc.)
Offset screwdriver will work best removing the mount
 Angle screwdriver or Allen wrench for securing none thumb-screws and Crescent wrench for tightening thumb screws
Smartphone with data plan to take/upload pictures and communicate with the project manager (with mobile charger)
MUST HAVE BLACK ZIP TIES - Not White
Hard Copy/ Printed Documentation of the Instruction/Guide (Please refer to the attached document) IMPORTANT!




SUMMARY OF WORK:

• Call IW Technologies Support upon arrival

• Check in prior to de-installing so the AIO numbering scheme can be confirmed. The tech will call 614-333-8408 opt. 1

• Take a photo of the old and new serial numbers for each unit and document the assigned PC numbers.

• Follow the instructions on the attached document for installing the new iPad unit.

• Remove the keyboard Tray and put it in the box for the old AIO

• DO NOT disconnect power cable from iPort. Cable will be ran down the front of the wall mount and through the hole where the keyboard tray was. Once through lift that bracket upwards

• Plug in all cables before mounting new iPad due to limited clearance for wall-mounted units

• Call the project helpdesk at 614-333-8408 opt. 1 for any build issues prior to troubleshooting

• Share all findings with IW Technologies support.




BEFORE GOING TO THE SITE:

Print the install guide to bring with you to use onsite. Review the documentation to be sure you understand the scope of work.
Confirm your work order in Field Nation so we know you are ready
If you do not understand the scope of work please call the day before to get clarification

Onsite Tasks.

Call IW Technologies to check in at 847-285-4198
Advise the MOD that you are with IW Technologies and are there to replace their iPad/s.
Required BEFORE and AFTER photos of the work areas - Take a BEFORE PHOTO
Complete the swaps and configuration according to the documentation.
Call the VSS Project line for testing of remote connection/confirmation of release at 614-333-8408 Opt. 1. Take note of the name of your support.
Clean up the areas and take an AFTER PHOTO
Upload all required photos and/or documents before calling to check out
Box up the old equipment and put the return label on the box. LEAVE the box with old equipment onsite with the manager. 
Call IW for checkout at 847-285-4198




OLD EQUIPMENT:

Box old equipment according to the documentation. Make sure the equipment is secured before sealing the box.
Return labels should be available in the box that came with the new equipment. For missing return shipping labels, kindly reach out to IW Technologies support.
Attach the return shipping label on the box for return.
Hand the box with old equipment to the store manager and document the manager's name and the location where it will be stored.
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 8/1/2024 at 2:04 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 9:56 AM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Call *************** regarding Check In
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:01 AM(EDT)
Call ********************** regarding Checked-in with the VSS Support before starting the de-install
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:09 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Old iPad area BEFORE Replacing
View Photo
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:10 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Old iPad Serial Number
View Photo
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:15 AM(EDT)
Replace and Configure iPad(s) per instructions
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:44 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of New iPad Area AFTER Replacing
View Photo
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:35 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of New iPad Serial Number
View Photo
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:40 AM(EDT)
Call ********************** regarding Validate Functionality
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:45 AM(EDT)
Box up old equipment per instructions
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:44 AM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Old Equipment
Call ********************** regarding functionality validation and release approval
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:53 AM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Check Out
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 11:05 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 11:01 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
unit installed and validated
Completed by you on 8/8/2024 at 10:54 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
General

Onsite Contact Name*Record the name of the site contact who signed off on completed work
brianna wright
Time Log
1.09 Total hours
1.09 hours
8/8/2024 at 9:56 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
8/8/2024 at 11:01 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/8/2024 at 9:56 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Old iPad area BEFORE Replacing (1)
IMG_20240808100946450.jpg(71.41 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:10 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Old ipad
Old iPad Serial Number (2)
IMG_20240808_101430612.jpg(121.86 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:35 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20240808_101430612.jpg(121.86 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:15 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Old serial number
New iPad Area AFTER Replacing (1)
IMG_20240808_103200731.jpg(91.86 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:35 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
New iPad Serial Number (1)
IMG_20240808_103926584.jpg(74.54 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:40 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (3)
IMG_20240808_103626648.jpg(58.03 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:44 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20240808_104026988.jpg(127.78 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:44 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20240808_104203558.jpg(128.18 KB)
8/8/2024 at 10:44 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
FedEx
277829546920
Shipping from site
Delivered Aug 12, 2024
Description: aio 
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$75.00
Pay Amount
$75.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
2
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$11.94
Taxes1
$0.21
Sum
Work Order Cost
$75.00
Total Service Charges
$11.94
Taxes
$0.21
Total
$62.85
Schedule
Thu, Aug 8, 2024

Arrive at 10:00 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
S Burlington, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
