# Work Order 11690518

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/11690518  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:18:14  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#11690518
On 8/1/2022
Poster Printer Troubleshooting - 195697
Company: Velocity, Inc
	
Time Logged
7.11 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$266.41
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
GGE Dispatch
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 3
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
9
Engagement
Overview
Company: Velocity, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (38937)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Printer
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Troubleshooting
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Printer
Service Description
Job Description:


Troubleshoot poster printer issues



Required Tools:
Cell phone: With charger and photo taking ability
Camera with USB cord: If phone with photo taking ability is not available
WINDOWS OS Laptop Computer with charger: Must have Wi-Fi capability & working ETHERNET port
Set of screwdrivers that include Phillips and Regular flat heads
Torx driver set (T6 T8 T10 T15 T20 T25)
View Less
Policies & Procedures
(1) Technicians are expected to fully complete the Fieldnation assignment as requested, and provide quality work, while maintaining a professional attitude with Global Gateway Exchange, Velocity and our customers. While on site you are representing Velocity and must conduct yourself in a professiona
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2022 at 2:20 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 6/21/2022 at 12:44 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check out
Completed by you on 6/21/2022 at 7:50 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
see problem
The printer was scheduled to be replaced, so this work order was unnecessary for the support contract. The trailing wire was pulled from the molex and this was just a waste of time to try to "prove" that I do not have technical skills because I am queer/unmarried/and a woman. The hold times all week were unacceptable.
I have enough history of complaints that I am sure I have complained about being sent to a site for reasons other an actual support requirement.
There is always an uptick in discriminatory behavior during pride month and December/Christmas. It is always the false narrative that I am heterosexual and sondesperate to find a man/engage in prostitution that I use FieldNation as a vehicle for criminal activity and should be removed and deemed incompetent. There are a lot of people who disregard human rights law and use FieldNation and their positions of employment to harass and try to make LGBT people and unmarried women conform to gender roles and religious customs, even when we are not even a member of their religion.

They had me on the phone, for an hour and a half, created a conference call and wanted me to reset the maintenance records, as if I am an entry level tech with no knowledge nor experience. I told them what needed to happen, I had the service manual and could not even reach the home screen until I cleared out the errors. The remote techs did not call back in a timely manner and wasting my time onsite with discriminatory behavior.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/27/2022 at 2:12 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.11 Total hours
7.11 hours
6/21/2022 at 12:44 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
6/21/2022 at 7:50 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/21/2022 at 12:44 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
Screen Shot 2022-06-27 at 2.17.13 PM.png(792.75 KB)
6/27/2022 at 2:18 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$320.00
Pay Amount
$320.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
3.5

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges3
$52.48
Taxes1
$1.11
Sum
Work Order Cost
$320.00
Total Service Charges
$52.48
Taxes
$1.11
Total
$266.41
Schedule
Tue, Jun 21, 2022

Arrive at 12:30 PM (EDT)

Estimated 3.5 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Brooklyn, NY 11203 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
