# Work Order 11092493

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/11092493  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:04:32  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#11092493
On 2/28/2022
(COVID vaccination required, be prepared to show proof of vaccination if asked) 2 techs needed for deskside support for Tue/Wed/Thur for 3 weeks starting Feb 22nd thru Mar 10th
Company: D2 Asset Corp., DBA DecisionOne
	
Time Logged
18.85 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$631.50
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Larry Bolyard
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
15
Engagement
Overview
Company: D2 Asset Corp., DBA DecisionOne
Overall satisfaction:
 (4760)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description
Lesleyanne - d1perspectateam@decisionone.com




These calls cannot be rescheduled with office 
COVID Form required 24 hours before arrival to site.
Techs require valid photo government ID (state drivers license)
Tech will perform pre-install call with Peraton technician via phone, Peraton Tech will provide tech support onsite.
Techs will complete attached health form and return to lesleyanne.reid@decisionone.com prior to going to the site
Please contact D1 Dispatch FIRST for any issues making scheduled appointment time and/or verifying equipment delivery status**




Job description:

Installation

29 - 4W1S4UP#ABA - 4W1S4UP#ABA-P - HPI ELITEDESK 805 G6 SFF DESKTOP (4W1S4UP#ABA)

29 - CT32G4DFD832A - CT32G4DFD83




YOU MUST ENTER DETAILED CLOSEOUT NOTES DAILY, INCLUDING NAMES OF PEOPLE THE ASSISTED YOU

YOU MUST CHECK IN AND CHECK OUT WHEN YOU ARRIVE AND LEAVE,and check in and out for lunch. WE ARE REQUIRED REAL TIME LOGGING (NO EXCEPTIONS) NO ADDITIONAL HOURS WITH RE-AUTHORIZATION FROM WORK ORDER MANAGER

8:00am to 5:00pm must take 1 hour un paid lunch no exceptions

View Less
Tasks
Prep
I AM COVID VACCINATED
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2022 at 6:18 PM(EDT)
I have read and understand Patriot Staffing and Decisionone requirements as listed regarding work day and lunch and checking in and out. Failure my result in removal from the site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2022 at 6:18 PM(EDT)
Tech must have Valid Drivers License, state ID or Passport
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2022 at 6:19 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2022 at 9:16 AM(EDT)
Call ************************* regarding Verify with client job date and time the day before going to the site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2022 at 6:19 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/22/2022 at 9:28 AM(EDT)
On Site
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/24/2022 at 6:15 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I am halfway through the list with 15 computers deployed. My concern is that since Russia attacked and Biden imposed sanctions, that some Russian hacking activity would be increased and Majority Leader Schumer's office is a target for attack. Having too many new, unpatched and updated computers on the network is risky. I am doing smaller batches so that nothing is missed and a staff member uses a machine and it is not fully protected. I have to update the Symantic definitions on all of the computers and push for policies to ensure all of the security updates have been installed. I am also tasked with making sure SCCM is functional. If you run SCCM updates before you complete all of the Windows updates; SCCM stalls and has to have the cache cleared and policy Actions run again to start the downloads into completion. If not, then the downloads get stuck at 0% and no progress is achieved. I cannot leave SCCM in that condition because that potentially jeopardizes any future security patches from downloading. If there is a fail or an error and the task sequence gets stralled, then nothing progresses.

I have attached to list of deployed computers: some are being updated over the weekend. Not my call to leave computers on the network not cleared of any issues when updating. However, Kimarah and Jackie insisted I up my number of computers deployed for the day. I will have to augment my plan to deploy more computers and just take the time contracted to ensure all are working. Not too many: but enough to achieve the goal of 29 computers complete in a reasonable timeframe that the client is happy with for the workload.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2022 at 12:19 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

CSM Name*
Provider Custom Fields
General

Enter Product Serial NumberOf each item replaced. This must be done prior to end work
Time Log
18.85 Total hours
3.02 hours
2/24/2022 at 1:59 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
2/24/2022 at 5:00 PM(EDT)
3.38 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/24/2022 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
3.25 hours
2/24/2022 at 9:45 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
2/24/2022 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/24/2022 at 9:45 AM(EDT)
2.83 hours
2/23/2022 at 2:04 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
2/23/2022 at 4:54 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/23/2022 at 2:04 PM(EDT)
3.58 hours
2/23/2022 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
2/23/2022 at 1:05 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/23/2022 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
2.48 hours
2/22/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
2/22/2022 at 4:38 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/22/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
3.69 hours
2/22/2022 at 9:28 AM(EDT)
0.1 miles from site
2/22/2022 at 1:09 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/22/2022 at 9:28 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
WK_one_SCHUMER.xls(11.26 KB)
2/25/2022 at 12:21 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$754.00
Rate
$40.00
Hours
18.85 Logged / 24 Ma...
Service Charges3
$119.89
Taxes1
$2.61
Sum
Work Order Cost
$754.00
Total Service Charges
$119.89
Taxes
$2.61
Total
$631.50
Schedule
Tue, Feb 22, 2022

Arrive at 9:30 AM (EST)

Estimated 24 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
NEW YORK, NY 10017 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
