# Work Order 1436473

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1436473  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:35:37  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1436473
On 7/10/2015
Motorola/Zebra Hand Scanner Firmware Upgrade at Retail Store(s)-Number of Handheld Units-10
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
3.27 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$116.02
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jared Carrion
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description
IMPORTANT: 7:00 AM start All sites have a Soft stop at 10:00AM( ask store manager if allowed to continue).


Job Overview:

You will be required to successfully perform each of the following:

You are to coordinate with store manager or a store associate, the collection of each scanner.  You maybe responsible yourself to collect the handheld scanners from their locations within the store
If unable to locate the scanners, have an associate contact the MST tech. He will be able to print a report of all the locations of the scanners to be updated, inluding register and floor. Make best attempt at locating if unable to get contact with the MST Tech.
Coordinate with the store manager to plug-in each scanner to any training POS in the training room (this is where the firmware update software is located)
Update the firmware on each of the Motorola/Zebra Scanners
Take photo of each scanner's serial number (regardless if the scanner successfully updated or not)
Complete the attached Manager Closeout Sheet
Addtional Information:

 Updating only DS9808 with S/N starting with 15
Firmware Software for the scanners is already downloaded on the Training POS.  You can use any training POS to update the firmware on each of the scanners (see Firmware Update Instructions below)
Estimated time onsite 2-to-3 hours. Soft STOP AT  10:00 AM (ask to continue)

Job can only be completed BEFORE the hours at which the store is open for normal business
The number of scanners to be collected and updated at this site can be found in the 'Device Count' field on this work order.  Make sure that you have collected and updated the number of devices in the 'Device Count' field before leaving the site
Dress Code-Business Casual
As we are uprading Motorola/Zebra scanners, present yourself as such.
Make sure manager closeout sheet is filled out properly and signed by the Manager.
 TXT the project coordinator number in the task for check in/check out. Call in case of issues.
Firmware Update Instructions:

Note: When updating the firmware on the scanners you are required to follow the detailed instructions that are attached to this work order.  The steps listed below are provided as a general reference for the firmware update process.

Connect the handheld scanner, to the training POS in the training room.
The scanner will automatically detect the firmware update software.  Note: The firmware update software has been pre-loadeded on the Training POS
The scanner will automatically update once it detects the firmware update software
Re-Boot the scanner after the update has completed
Verify that the scanner has booted properly
If the scanner did not update properly you are required to document this in the attached Manager Closeout Sheet
Return scanners to appropriate locations prior to leaving the site.
Required Tools/Material

Smartphone or Digital Camera
(optional) extension cord in case of shared power.
View Less
Standard Instructions
-Deliverables are due within 6 hours of tech leaving site.
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL unless otherwise instructed in the work or
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/3/2015 at 9:38 AM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2015 at 6:50 AM(PDT)
On Site
Call *************** regarding to check in with the project coordinator when you arrive onsite
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2015 at 9:23 AM(PDT)
find and introduce yourself to onsite manager (name is listed on this w/o) and collect the handheld scanners to be updated
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2015 at 9:23 AM(PDT)
update the scanner(s) per instructions in the full work description located on this work order (the total number of scanners that must be updated can be found in the 'Device Count' field of this w/o)
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2015 at 9:23 AM(PDT)
Upload/take photo of of the serial number for each handheld unit that you updated or attempted to update (photos must be well lit and in focus)
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2015 at 3:04 PM(PDT)
Upload file of signed Manager Closeout Sheet (file attached to this work order-THIS IS NOT the FN work order)
Download File
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2015 at 3:05 PM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
updated 4 scanners
this was a second trip to the locaton
the updated scanners were
15038000500527
15038000500528
15038000500500
15038000500156

Only 8 were onsite and active
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2015 at 1:13 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding once the job has been completed to check out with the project coordinator
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2015 at 1:13 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2015 at 10:06 AM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
3.27 Total hours
3.27 hours
7/7/2015 at 6:50 AM(PDT)
0.34 miles from site
7/7/2015 at 10:06 AM(PDT)
0.23 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2015 at 6:50 AM(PDT)
Deliverables
of the serial number for each handheld unit that you updated or attempted to update (photos must be well lit and in focus) (4)
img_20150707_092217.jpg(799.45 KB)
7/8/2015 at 3:04 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20150707_092154.jpg(855.18 KB)
7/8/2015 at 3:04 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20150707_090818.jpg(746.29 KB)
7/8/2015 at 3:04 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20150707_084507.jpg(820.19 KB)
7/8/2015 at 3:04 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
signed Manager Closeout Sheet (file attached to this work order-THIS IS NOT the FN work order) (1)
completed sign off macys(2).pdf(35.41 KB)
7/8/2015 at 3:05 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
laurinda kravis Signature
Collected on 7/7/2015 at 10:24 AM(PDT)
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$130.80
Rate
$40.00
Hours
3.27 Logged / 4 Max
Service Charges2
$14.78
Sum
Work Order Cost
$130.80
Total Service Charges
$14.78
Total
$116.02
Schedule
Wed, Jul 8, 2015

Arrive at 7:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Tacoma, WA 98409 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
