# Work Order 1374901

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1374901  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:29:06  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1374901
On 6/19/2015
DISP - replace register 2 @ Dennys in Renton, WA
Company: Retail Technology Group
	
Time Logged
6.18 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$253.22
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Amanda Russavage
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Retail Technology Group
Overall satisfaction:
 (6492)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description
 READ THIS WORK ORDER IN IT'S ENTIRETY FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE
DIRECTIONS OUTLINED IN IT will RESULT IN DELAYED OR REFUSAL OF PAYMENT.

If any part of this request is not completed to the satisfaction of RTG billing and accounting, payment may be delayed or even refused. 

 
If this is a back office ticket contact 800-801-6156 before you touch any thing.

Once installed tech will need to put the old equipment in the box from the new one, place the return label on it and take it to nearest FedEx drop off for return it to RTG.

Tech must bring USB keyboard and minimum 8GB Flash Drive

SCOPE: Issue: Screen loose and MSR broke. Replace Reg 2. Test with MOD

View Less
Standard Instructions
Technician is responsible for reading the details of the job as defined under the “Work Order Detail”.

Work Order Detail [tab]: Technicians instructions and RTG Customers MANDATORY Requests. It is imperative that the technician read and understand all of the instructions as defined under the work order detail. Failure to do so will result in penalties and possible cancellation of the work order due to non-compliance.        

Check In – Check Out: Mandatory
When you arrive and depart from a job destination you must call to check in and out. Failure to do so could result in penalties and/ or non-payment.

Telephone N
View More
Policies & Procedures
Contracted by Retail Technology Group
NO PROVIDERS, under any circumstances, are permitted to send someone else out on a service request [SR] under their own profile. Should this occur be advised that the work order will be cancelled and will NOT be paid.
As a
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/31/2015 at 12:26 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/2/2015 at 1:40 PM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
Arrived onsite and requested register #2
box was opened and I installed new unit
unit was imaged and I configured it for register #2
unit would not assign drawer nor reflect MOD as person signed in, no Cash functions were operable
called into RTG tech support and aprised Sergio of situation
Sergio and I agreed to just swap the old HDD and complete work order
called in and spoke with Natasha in RTG dispatch
She advised me that I had to get all approvals for work from Denny's help desk.
Help Desk wanted unit imaged and the Help Desk created bootable usb with image file/ghost for build.
I completed build and attempted the software configuration
POS configuration would not complete
"Brooks" from Denny's help desk made the decision that the image was corrupt and/or not going to complete needed tasks
and gave the green light to swap the drives.
Swapped drives
I called into the Denny's Help Desk and to complete configurations and to verify functionality
MOD could not complete test, still not working


The register assignment on old HDD was register 4
Denny's Help Desk reasigned the terminal to #2
redid the configurations
and I called back in when setup of the pos to the back server was complete.
Unit still not operational

I called RTG several times to give status update and was referred back to the Denny's Help Desk for next steps
I was asked by Johnny to swap hdd earlier before leaving and told again to contact Denny's Help Desk for troubleshooting steps to complete task.

The Denny's Help Desk decided on their own to reset all the terminals to relfect the register change throughout the location, wasting time again, then kept getting the MOD
to test a non-operational unit. The printer would not respond to the POS software, kept trying to get the Denny's Help Desk to address the limited scope of my call, but they
kept on reconfiguring the software and not just taking care of what I needed so I could leave.
Finally I was able to get Brian in their HD to focus on the printer which is needed to return functionality
He started yelling that I had the usb connection in the wrong port when what was connected to the unit could only be plugged in that port.
The printer had the wrong cable attached.

I advised RTG and Denny's help desk that either the software needs to be configured to recgnoize that port or a new cable needs to be sent out.
Also, instead of Denny's help desk elogating the service call what should of happened is that I swapped the drive and the POS software was configured for REGISTER 4 AND NOT
REGISTER 2.
The misinformation on the work order, the manager saying the unit was register 2 when asked several times and then the help desk not providing the correct, profesional and
quick support needed to finish the install, I was just left with a mess and a HD that wanted to play games and not do their job.

I called in to speak with Amanda and advised her that I was leaving, the Denny's Help Desk was not going to give a confirmation number in the face of the unit being operational
having the ability to run sales and pop the cash drawer. MY WORK WAS COMPLETED

The printer needs the usb cable for port B and then they can use the terminal in the bar area.
I was in constant communication and followed the chain of command and the amount on time onsite is the result of the Denny's Help Desk, they failed to hold up their end of
the service agreement.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/3/2015 at 12:40 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/2/2015 at 7:51 PM(PDT)
Enter shipping details for Item back to RTG from site de install
Upload/take photo of of completed scope of work
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/3/2015 at 12:42 PM(PDT)
Upload file of Completed RTG sign off sheet
Download File
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/3/2015 at 12:41 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
6.18 Total hours
6.18 hours
6/2/2015 at 1:40 PM(PDT)
0.09 miles from site
6/2/2015 at 7:51 PM(PDT)
7.91 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/2/2015 at 1:40 PM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
dennysfieldnationwo.pdf(73.1 KB)
6/3/2015 at 12:41 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
of completed scope of work (1)
img_20150602_164746.jpg(1.01 MB)
6/3/2015 at 12:42 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Completed RTG sign off sheet (1)
dennys07874.pdf(40.13 KB)
6/3/2015 at 12:41 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
FedEx
633565836013
Shipping from site
Delivered Jun 9, 2015
Description: Item back to RTG from site de install
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$300.00
Rate
$50.00
Hours
6.18 Logged / 6 Max

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$33.90
Taxes1
$1.18
Sum
Work Order Cost
$300.00
Total Service Charges
$33.90
Taxes
$1.18
Total
$253.22
Schedule
Tue, Jun 2, 2015

Arrive at 2:00 PM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Renton, WA 98056 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
