# Work Order 1436286

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1436286  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:35:27  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1436286
On 7/10/2015
AMC Kiosk-F100 - Complete Service Kit-Replace CPU Stack, LCD Screen, Printer, Power Supply, Card Reader and Reimage OS
Special Note to Tech: none
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
	
Time Logged
7.02 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$88.70
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Chris Nim
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (63400)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Kiosk
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Kiosk
Service Description
-  Tracking for equipment is in the Progress tab on the full FN page
-  Please supply close out notes ASAP as we need to update AMC in case a followup visit is needed.

AMC Kiosk-F150 - Complete Service Kit-Replace CPU Stack, LCD Screen, Printer, Power Supply, Card Reader and Reimage OS

Current issue:
ABO62 CPU has power but cannot tell why Printer and screen get no power at all. 



Required Tech Tool(s):
Key to open the Kiosk (see MOD)
USB Keyboard,
Basic tool set,
T10H ScrewDriver
6 point 5/16 socket
6 point 7/32 Socket
6 point 9/32 Socket, a small slotted Screw Driver
Computer Duster/Compressed Can Air
Optional: Power Drill.


1. Please sign in at the Guest Service Desk and Check in with the Manager on Duty to get the Keys to the Kiosk.


2. Before servicing Kiosk Check in with the AMC Manager.
Prior to leaving site, verify with the Manager on Duty that kiosk is functioning properly. Check in and out on FN and send a text message to Karim at DataMax Serivces-847-714-7984, if you have a general questions regarding the work order.  Please verify the work with the Store Manager.


3. Replace the defective the Part(s), make sure it is properly installed. Double check all the cables and perform cable management if needed to. 


3a. Read the in instruction guide and follow all the steps before swapping the printer. Included with the shipment of the parts is a USB Drive to reimage the Operating System if necessary. Please do not lose this USB Drive Kit, we need you to ship it back with the defective part. 


4. Configure Kiosk with AMC Helpdesk Support.
Make sure all cables are connected to the unit properly and test all functions accordingly.


5. Ensure EU contact signs off on the work order and you place accurate notes of work performed in the work order.


6. Make sure that the site contact signs off on the work order once job is complete.
Update the ticket with detailed closeout notes.


7. Check in and out on FN and send a text message to Chris at DataMax Serivces-847-372-2696, if you have a general questions regarding the work order.  Please verify the work with the Store Manager. Update status on FN when finished and upload signed work order via digital document manager.

Prior to leaving site, verify with the Manager on Duty that kiosk is functioning properly. Please check out with AMC Helpdesk at 800-280-1447, if no answer after 10 minutes of waiting for the AMC Helpdesk, please press option "0" and leave a brief voice mail for AMC helpdesk. Please identify the AMC location#, AMC Ticket# and DM SO#, problems/solutions and name of manager on site.


8. Tech will box up the defective unit and attach the supplied return label and drop package off at nearest FedEx drop off location.
View Less
Standard Instructions
You must submit your work order for completion within 24 hours of completing the scope of work and include all required deliverables. Non-compliance to this requirement may result in Work Order cancellation and/or non-payment.

Amidst the efforts to control the spread of contagious illnesses, we are concerned for your health as well as those of your loved ones and our customers. In an effort to promote that we ask that you all take the following steps at a minimum.
 

Practice proper Social Distancing, as directed by the CDC.  
PRINT YOUR WORK ORDERS SIGNATURE PAGE, as On-Site Contact may not be comfortable signing your phone/tablet.
View More
Policies & Procedures
Material Reimbursement: 
Standard blue or gray cabling is reimbursed at:

up to $0.27 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for CAT5e Plenum
up to $0.33 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for Cat6 Plenum
up
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/5/2015 at 10:08 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/6/2015 at 3:13 PM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
initial time onsite was trying to obtain clarification of number of boxes shipped, cpu image state and not wishing to start the swap if the cpu did not have an OS installed. The image kit was stuffed in the printer obscured by the roll of tickets.

Then the unit was recessed into the wall. I attempted to remove the unit from the wall. Floor bolts and nuts were difficult to loosen. Unit would not move from current position. I had to swap the lcd display and work from underneath the display and work blind to loosen the screws holding the unit in place.

Once display was removed and replaced, the remaining parts were not difficult to install. Unistalling the display and attempting back panel access added to my time onsite.

Manager signed work order through mobile app.
PDF was not uploaded. I cannot close out work order without attaching something. Thanks
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2015 at 5:53 AM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/6/2015 at 10:14 PM(PDT)
Return the keys to the Manager or Guest Service Desk
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2015 at 11:18 AM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Special Note to TechBe Clear and Concise!
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.02 Total hours
7.02 hours
7/6/2015 at 3:13 PM(PDT)
0.05 miles from site
7/6/2015 at 10:14 PM(PDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/6/2015 at 3:13 PM(PDT)
Deliverables
Upload Signed Work Order (1)
img_20150706_165215.jpg(980.95 KB)
7/8/2015 at 3:09 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
FedEx
795050188840
Shipping from site
Delivered Jul 13, 2015
Description: coomputer parts
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
FedEx
795050188862
Shipping from site
Delivered Jul 13, 2015
Description: conputer parts
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Signatures
Breanna Olsen Signature
Collected on 7/6/2015 at 10:21 PM(PDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$100.00
Pay Amount
$100.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$11.30
Sum
Work Order Cost
$100.00
Total Service Charges
$11.30
Total
$88.70
Schedule
Mon, Jul 6, 2015

Arrive at 3:00 PM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Tukwila, WA 98188 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
