# Work Order 10932737

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10932737  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:02:01  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10932737
 Bundled: 1 of 9
On 2/22/2022
Insight | Tiffany's | Deskside Support L2 | 2 weeks | $35/hr for 8 hour/day
Job#: 255973|WO#: WO157554
Company: Insight Enterprises Inc.
	
Time Logged
7.5 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$221.16
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Insight Dispatcher
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Insight Enterprises Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (60967)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Other
Troubleshooting
Setup
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Scope: ALL RESOURCES MUST BE INTERVIEWED VIA VIDEO PRIOR TO ACCEPTING ROLE.  We need a desktop level 2 resource from Feb 7 through Feb 18 at 200 5th Ave, NY, NY to fill in for PTO coverage.  ALL RESOURCES MUST BE FULLY VACCINATED.




Level 2 deskside technician support.  Duties include: level 2 deskside services and manufacturing support including, but not limited to, issues related to desktops, laptops and peripherals, including printers, set up and configuration of computers for new users and are responsible for any physical work relating to the computers, such as repairing software or hardware issues and moving workstations to another location. Candidate must possess excellent organizational, communication, customer service skills and be reliable.   A+ certification Required.  ALL RESOURCES MUST BE FULLY VACCINATED.




Experience must include:

AD administration – distribution lists access and creation, creating service accounts, HP user accounts provisioning, resource mailboxes access and creation, misc. permissions, reset passwords
SCCM – software distribution and remote control
Service Now ticketing system experience
Troubleshooting skills
Hardware Upgrades
Windows 7 to 10 and O365 upgrades
Canon Secure Print and HP printer troubleshooting.
Mac experience preferred.
A+ preferred




Dress: Business Casual. No tennis shoes or Jeans.

Terms for Travel: 

•    Payment amount listed on this WO is an all-in rate

•    If provider is seeking additional compensation for travel time due to distance from work order, this must be requested as a counter-offer prior to assignment

•    If submitted post-assignment, pay increase requests for travel time will not be approved

•    Tolls or Parking fees will only be eligible for reimbursement if receipt is attached to the work order when closed out

 

Terms for Additional Time Required Onsite:

•    Technician must call buyer contact listed in WO immediately upon realizing additional time over max hours in WO will be required

•    If additional time required is due to factors agreed to by buyer as outside of tech control; technician may submit request for pay increase for time onsite over max in WO 

•    IMPORTANT: Pay increase for additional time must be requested and Approved by buyer while tech is onsite; additional time logged by tech on WO or pay increase requests will only be paid if tech obtained pre-approval from buyer POC while onsite

•    Tech must enter name of buyer contact who approved increase to ensure any approval questions are directed accordingly




The job is considered incomplete if you leave site before sending deliverables and calling Insight Command Center to check out. 

Which will cause delay or no compensation.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order

Independent Contractor Status. Contractor on this work order expressly acknowledges and agrees that they (the Contrac
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/16/2022 at 7:26 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/17/2022 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
On Site
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/17/2022 at 12:25 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I attempted to discuss a SCCM issue with George and he lied to me and was being rude, sexist and dismissive and I told him I did not like how I was being treated. It was sexist and condescending. So in retaliation to my complaint about sexist behavior Tiffany's asked me to leave the site because I expect to be respected and spoken to like an adult and coworker. I did nothing wrong, I voiced a complaint about sexist behavior while onsite. There is more to be documented in reference to my time onsite, but for now I will document this discriminatory retaliatory action by Tiffany's. In NYS, contractors have the same right to voice and ask sexist behavior to stop and not be retaliated against at all. George engaged in other unacceptable behavior and I will document this in another process.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/18/2022 at 3:15 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Job#Job #
255973



WO#Provider will be asked for this number by the ICC (Insight Command Center) during check in/out.
WO157554
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.5 Total hours
7.5 hours
2/17/2022 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
2/17/2022 at 4:30 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/17/2022 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$262.50
Rate
$35.00
Hours
7.5 Logged / 8 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$40.43
Taxes1
$0.91
Sum
Work Order Cost
$262.50
Total Service Charges
$40.43
Taxes
$0.91
Total
$221.16
Schedule
Thu, Feb 17, 2022

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
New York, NY 10010 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
