# Work Order 1209385

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1209385  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:15:36  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1209385
On 2/20/2015
Windows 7 Migration
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
7.5 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$337.50
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Mike Markel
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
9
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
431 Railroad Ave
Ste A
Shiremanstown, PA 17011
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Title: Windows 7 Migration
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description
YOU MUST REPRESENT YOURSELF AS SITA

DESCRIPTION OF PROBLEM: Technician is need to need to migrate existing PCs from Windows XP to Windows 7.

WINDOWS 7 MIGRATION        Alt Phone #.514-964-0040
IBM00113-Wave396

*** Must perform SDD, on site & before returning user's ***
*** Desktop/Lapop/HDD/USB to depots or elsewhere. ***
- Migrate Window 7 with the new image profile, ACM004, for one laptop (see
the attachment), at TIMCO Aviation Services, 612 McDonnell Road, San
Francisco, CA 94128, USA.- On Feb 9, 2015 , from 9:00 to 12:00 (local
time).- We need a SITA technician to complete this request.- When the
technician is on site, before starting the migration and unpacking the
shippment, he/she needs to contact Windows 7 Migration team for a support
at 514-964-0040.- It is mandatory to download instructions posted on SITA
server prior to go to the location (referred to the IMAC coordination
team).- Please make sure to have the secure portable HDD and all the
downloaded documents printed on hands at the customer location. ,


Process (high level)

Load migration tools, documentation, and SDD softwore on provided external secure HDD.
Confirm the start time with end user.
Arrive at site at the planned start time.
End user logs onto PC
Collect printer information, Novell ID with context and password, Outlook ID and password
Login as techsupport on PC
Run backup onto the portable drive
shutdown PC
Remove old HDD and install new HDD
Login as techsupport on PC
run restore onto the new HDD
configure for EU
Go through with EU to make sure full functionality
Obtain signoff from EU 
Shutdown PC
Remove new HDD and install old HDD
Wipe old drive with SSP software on portable drive.
Complete sanitization form
Remove old HDD and install new HDD
Capture s/n of old HDD
Delete the user backup on the Secure HDD

Items that FE Will Need  to Carry to Site
Standard toolk kit
Portable Secure HDD (shipped to you)






******MUST GIVE ESSINTAIL REAL TIME UPDATES(This means you must call us as soon as you arrive on site)**********

******MUST CALL ESSINTIAL WITH REAL TIME ETA'S TO SITE*******

Penalties will be enforced if real time updates are not provided to Essintial.

PLEASE SEE SPECIFIC INSTRUCTIONS FOR MORE DETAILS
View Less
Policies & Procedures
By accepting this work order you also agree to receive and respond to phone calls and SMS messages confirming your readiness to perform the work as detailed.

WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. REAL TIME
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/9/2015 at 7:16 AM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/9/2015 at 10:13 AM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
I arrived onsite and the manager was not there for the whole day.
His assistant, Dexter, did not know much and did not have the passwords for a local login
I had to wait for Mr Martinez to call into the office to gather information about the laptop
and the credentials for a local login
He called and gave his login info.

IBM/Air Canada's help desk stated that the ticket could only be handled by a Iklef; name given, and he took over an hour to call be
and i had to call in several times to get him on the phone. his514 422 2832.


phone number
I was given this ticket without a secure hdd and no media onsite to burn wipe disk.
If I was assigned earlier or the day before, I could of grabbed a dvd-r or rw from my desk.

the backup and restore could not be performed because of no shdd, so I had to attach to sata drive to the usb port of the 7 machine.
s
Mirgation accomplished, delays occured because required hardware, wipe disk was not onsite, along with the manager.

I was able to test software for functionality and the manager today verified that all was working correctly.
I had to return to wipe the old drive, today was the only time I had to return.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/13/2015 at 3:18 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/13/2015 at 12:37 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.5 Total hours
1.58 hours
2/13/2015 at 11:02 AM(PDT)
GPS unavailable
2/13/2015 at 12:37 PM(PDT)
0.85 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/13/2015 at 11:02 AM(PDT)
5.92 hours
2/9/2015 at 9:05 AM(PDT)
0.87 miles from site
2/9/2015 at 3:00 PM(PDT)
10.78 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/9/2015 at 10:13 AM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (8)
img_0171.jpg(1.8 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:24 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_0168.jpg(1.71 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:24 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_0167.jpg(2.06 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:21 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_0166.jpg(1.97 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:21 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_0165.jpg(1.84 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:20 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_0163.jpg(1.94 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:20 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_0162.jpg(1.81 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:19 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_0172.jpg(1.94 MB)
2/13/2015 at 3:19 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
FedEx
807528572348
Shipping from site
Delivered Feb 16, 2015
Description: hdd
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$375.00
Rate
$50.00
Hours
7.5 Logged / 8 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges1
$37.50
Sum
Work Order Cost
$375.00
Total Service Charges
$37.50
Total
$337.50
Schedule
Mon, Feb 9, 2015

Arrive at 9:00 AM (PST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94128 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
