# Work Order 15913262

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15913262  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:25:57  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15913262
On 10/1/2024
GC _ UPS Ugrade 2024
Company: Spencer Technologies
	
Time Logged
1.72 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$105.40
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Chyla Wade
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Spencer Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (178137)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Networking
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Type of work	Networking
Service Description







High Level Scope:
Installation of UPS at network. Read Directions Carefully. Graceful shut down with client HD is required. Check in/out with Spencer's Bridge is required.
Spencer will ship (1) UPS - Part # SMART1500LCD to Store. Equipment will be onsite when you arrive. Tech will swap out the current UPS with new UPS. Package old UPS and leave with store to send to their eWaste partner.

1) Arrive onsite and check in with the store personnel - Obtain the UPS device that was shipped from Spencer Technologies (from) Medway MA.

2) Unpackage the new UPS at the network location (where old UPS currently is) but do NOT shut down the existing UPS yet.

3) Call Spencer Bridge to check in

Dial in by phone 469-998-6065 ID: 611270310#
One touch dial +1 469-998-6065,,611270310#

4) Call the Guitar Center Helpdesk at (800)424-8888.

They will work with you to gracefully shut down equipment before unplugging UPS.
Document the name of the agent, you'll provide this to Spencer during check out.

5) Swap out the UPS. Power up UPS. Plug equipment back into UPS and boot up.

6) Test the equipment with the onsite store personnel to ensure store is back online. Document the name of the store personnel you spoke to - provide this to Spencer during check out.

7) Package the old equipment into the box the new UPS came in. Provide to store personnel. We do not take this with us.

8) Take a photo of the newly installed UPS.

9) Send deliverables to Spencer at GuitarCenterUPS@Spencertech.com.  Includes:

Photo of the UPS installed with power lights showing and cables neat,
name of the Network Team personnel,
name of store personnel who tested equipment.  
Send an email to GuitarCenterUPS@Spencertech.com... Email Subject should be: RID #, Guitar Center Store # xxx, City, State




View Less
Standard Instructions
This section contains:

Work Order Cancelation process
Professionalism and Conduct
Appearance and Hygiene
Deliverable Penalties/Workmanship Pictures
Turn Away Fee
Late Fee(arriving late)
 
Work Order Cancelation/Questions with the Scope of Work

If you are going to be late or canceling please call 508-635-2100 opt 1 - opt 5 and follow the correct process on the Field Nation Platform. Keep a record of who you spoke to when calling out. Un-notified late arrival and or not showing up to a job is damaging to the business and will result in being blocked from further work from Spencer Technol
View More
Policies & Procedures
***New Policy Change- listed below for convenience**

During the term of this Agreement/work order, Contractor shall comply with all applicable statutes, laws and regulations (“Laws”), including without limitation Laws relating to labor relations, fair employ
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 9/29/2024 at 4:05 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 9/30/2024 at 9:08 AM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 9/30/2024 at 10:51 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
calvin lane
Completed by you on 9/30/2024 at 10:40 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.72 Total hours
1.72 hours
9/30/2024 at 9:08 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
9/30/2024 at 10:51 AM(EDT)
0.07 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/30/2024 at 9:08 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$125.00
Pay Amount
$125.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
2
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$19.26
Taxes1
$0.34
Sum
Work Order Cost
$125.00
Total Service Charges
$19.26
Taxes
$0.34
Total
$105.40
Schedule
Mon, Sep 30, 2024

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Williston, VT 05495 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
