# Work Order 4839211

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4839211  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:14:01  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4839211
On 4/20/2018
Pin Pad Install -- TWO (2) PIN PADS
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
6.58 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$138.53
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jackleen Koon
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

REQUIRED: New Providers that have not worked for any of our assignment are required to complete our internal quick background check, once you are assigned to the job you will receive a link from HR for an online form to complete, this will allow you to work on many of our projects! If you have worked for us in the past and have not completed this process- you will be required to if you want to continue to be able to work on opportunities.  Background checks are completed annually and are of no cost to the provider- This is a requirement- please do not request this WO if you are not willing to complete this.

The provider assigned to this WO must be the provider on site- no exceptions!


Estimated Time on Site About 45 minutes per pin pad ( Example: 2 pin pads equals 90 minutes ) Anything over the estimated time will be paid at $21/HR

Scope Of Work:
A major brand Hotel has requested that Ingenico Group provide Support Technician level resources thoroughly 4000 locations across the country for pin Pad installation project.. All sites will take place at a designated time in the morning that is considered firm. A step by step script will be provided by SmartSource which is attached to the confirmation email of exactly what to do while onsite. These sites should go quick and it is expected that all personal will be physically fit as well as have a customer friendly personality. You will be Installing ISC250 or ISC450 pin pads. Usually each hotel will have 2 pads. NO DRILLING OR MAJOR CABLING REQUIRED


We are looking for a field technician to install POS Pin Pads at Major brand Hotels. Each pin pad is expected to take 45 min to install. Most locations will have 2-3 pin pads. Technician will be onsite roughly 1.5 – 2 hours.


Tools Required:
Thin Rod Phillips Screw Driver
Long Rod Phillips Screw Driver
Box/Paper Cutter
Leveler
Cell Phone -to take photos
Installation Process Guide (Print and Take with You to The Site)

COMPLETION OF WORK/DELIVERABLES
For work to be considered complete, all hours, paperwork and other deliverables must be submitted within 24 hours. A client signature is required for verification that you were on-site and completed the worked.
Hours and deliverables must be submitted properly per the instructions the day a site is completed - failure to do so may result in delayed or forfeited pay
It is the employee's responsibility to verify that all hours, paperwork and other deliverables have been received by SmartSource

CODE OF CONDUCT:
•    Should you have any questions or issues while on site please call your recruiter directly before discussing with the customer.
•    Please keep a professional relationship with the customer during conversations
•    Do not discuss your pay rate or share payroll information with the customer or your co-workers. Should you have payroll issues, contact me directly. Do not, under any circumstances, reach out to anyone other than SmartSource regarding payroll.










View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.)

(Point #1) 24 Hour Reconfirmation: You are required to reconfirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please proactively call into your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is a must!
(Point #2) Same Day Reconfirmation: SmartSource will be sending an automated text approxim
View More
Policies & Procedures
BACKGROUND CHECKS - all assigned providers must complete a background check consent form through SmartSource, Inc. It is of no cost to the provider to run the background check.

APPROVAL PERIOD - SmartSource,
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/11/2018 at 3:53 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 9:21 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Before Pics of Pin Pads
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 6:13 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of AFTER pictures of Pin Pads as instructed
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 6:16 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Sign Off Sheet Completed
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 6:19 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 4:05 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I arrived onsite and waited for the manager to arrive to the front desk. Mr Cossett arrived and informed me of the history of the installaton. The right workstaton and right terminal communicates, but the left on does not. I was instucted to swap the terminal on the left side; this would be the third terminal, combox and cable. I installed the terminal. I called in to ask directon and was directed to ingenico help desk who directed me to the ONQ help desk to associate the new terminal. Nothing worked, the IP addresses were wrong. The ticket was escalated to the Network team to work on the IP addresses. That took an hour. Evalon called me and continued troubleshooting, then I was referred to Hilton to restart the OnQ server. Hilton did not restart but worked on the workstaton . Both teams worked on the machines, but the manager kicked Hilton off the ticker and had Evelon finish working on the solution. I informed maria and was referred to the escalated contact. Hilton called(Levar) and he was able to get the terminal to run a transaction.  It worked over a 40 minute window. I was released from the site.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 9:36 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
6.58 Total hours
6.58 hours
4/12/2018 at 9:20 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
4/12/2018 at 3:55 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 9:21 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Before Pics of Pin Pads (2)
IMG_20180412_0949590.jpg(3.85 MB)
4/12/2018 at 6:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: left terminal worked on before pic
IMG_20180412_0949496.jpg(3.02 MB)
4/12/2018 at 6:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: rt terminal not worked on. before pic
AFTER pictures of Pin Pads as instructed (2)
IMAGE-BBEF0CC9.jpg(2.95 MB)
4/12/2018 at 6:18 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: sign off sheet
IMG_20180412_1600142.jpg(3.62 MB)
4/12/2018 at 6:16 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: left terminal new install. after pic
Sign Off Sheet Completed (1)
IMAGE-BBF112FF.jpg(3 MB)
4/12/2018 at 6:19 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$156.18
Rate
$60.00
First Hours
2
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$21.00
Additional Hours
4.58 Logged / 4.58 M...
Service Charges2
$17.65
Sum
Work Order Cost
$156.18
Total Service Charges
$17.65
Total
$138.53
Schedule
Thu, Apr 12, 2018

Arrive at 9:15 AM (EDT)

Estimated 3 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Secaucus, NJ 07094 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
