# Work Order 10742015

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10742015  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:51:22  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10742015
On 11/26/2021
Premium Brands - HP Cash Drawer and Cash Drawer Cable Swap
Company: IW Technologies
	
Time Logged
0.72 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$50.27
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
IW Dispatch
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
6
Engagement
Overview
Company: IW Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (18364)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Summary of Work:

Illinois Wholesale is in need of a technician to go onsite at a local clothing retailer and swap out a cash drawer and cable. The tech is to follow attached documentation to replace a unit, then box up and return the defective parts using the label provided. Payment is based on the return of the defective equipment. If a label is not in the box you must reach out to a coordinator to obtain one.

Issue: Intermittent cash drawer offline issues. 

Tech to install cash drawer and cash drawer cable on register 2.

The check in and out process requires you to check in and out with both Illinois Wholesale as well as the client Premium Brands. THIS IS REQUIRED!! Do NOT begin work without contacting the help desk. Please remember to be courteous and professional when working with the help desk. Numbers are below.

PLEASE NOTE: Parts are scheduled to arrive before 4:30pm local time. Be sure to track the parts as not to arrive onsite before they do. We will not compensate for a second trip due to parts not being onsite.

Required Tools:

1.    Physical Drivers License or State Issued ID﻿

2.    USB Keyboard

3.    USB Mouse

4.    Standard PC tool kit

5.    Velcro cable ties




Pre-Visit Instructions:

Be sure to read and understand all of the instructions and download/print all documentation attached to work order

Confirm ETA in Field Nation within 24 hours of the appointment.

Onsite Tasks:

Check in on Field Nation app and call Illinois Wholesale to check in - 847-285-4198

Call Premium Brands Help Desk - 740-951-3911 Option 1 then Option 3, give them their internal ticket number 1035961 

Locate onsite contact and introduce yourself as a technician from Illinois Wholesale

Locate parts shipped to location

Install new parts/equipment utilizing the attached documentation.

Validate Connectivity and/or Functionality with Support

Clean up Area

Call the Premium Brands Help Desk - 740-951-3911 Option 1 then Option 3 to confirm resolution and/or advise them of the status.

Call Illinois Wholesale to check out BEFORE leaving site - 847-285-4198

Return is required - be sure to provide the return tracking number. You will be REQUIRED to give detailed notes before leaving site. We will need the following information from you:

Check In Time: (local)

Check Out Time: (local)

Store Contact Name:

Help Desk Contact Name:

Description of Issue Observed by Tech Upon Arrival:

Description of Troubleshooting / Resolution: (concise, bulleted format)

Parts Installed: Product Name, SN

Parts Removed: Product Name, SN

Return Tracking #:

Return Authorization #:

Store Check Out Contact:

Picture of Completed Work:

Close-Out Tasks:

Check out on the Field Nation App

Ensure the work order has been completed to specification and upload deliverables

Drop off defective parts

Submit the work order for payment and it will be approved within 24 hours assuming there are no issues.

Special Instructions for technician:

(Include any pertinent information from the case here)

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/23/2021 at 4:12 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Check In
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 3:34 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Premium Brand HD Check In
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 3:34 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Old Unit Serial Number
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 4:11 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of New Serial Number
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 4:12 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of New Equipment
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 5:45 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Premium Help Desk to verify everything is working
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 4:38 PM(EDT)
Post
Call *************** regarding Check Out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 4:38 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Parts
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 4:11 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
No work performed. Jon from HD released me.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 5:43 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
General

Onsite Contact Name*Record the name of the site contact who signed off on completed work
Lazarus
Time Log
0.72 Total hours
0.72 hours
11/24/2021 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
11/24/2021 at 4:11 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2021 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Old Unit Serial Number (1)
IMAGE-17D53C9AACA3630758757712943359.jpg(2.65 MB)
11/24/2021 at 4:11 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: not required
New Serial Number (1)
IMAGE-17D53CA83318368653671802419691.jpg(923.77 KB)
11/24/2021 at 4:12 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: not required
New Equipment (1)
IMAGE-17D541F549F1875642676783169691.jpg(1.84 MB)
11/24/2021 at 5:45 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: no work performed
Misc (1)
IMG_20211124_161833570_HDR.jpg(3.39 MB)
11/24/2021 at 4:24 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
FedEx
954398354331
Shipping to site
Delivered Nov 24, 2021
Description: Cash drawer and cable
Added by April Versoza
FedEx
988464400008940
Shipping from site
Shipment unavailable
Description: No part shipped back 
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$60.00
Pay Amount
$60.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1.5
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$9.54
Taxes1
$0.19
Sum
Work Order Cost
$60.00
Total Service Charges
$9.54
Taxes
$0.19
Total
$50.27
Schedule
Wed, Nov 24, 2021

Arrive at 3:30 PM (EST)

Estimated 1.5 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Scarsdale, NY 10583 US
Commercial
Notes:PBS-04 LFT LFT 1471
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
