# Work Order 16093222

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/16093222  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:27:56  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#16093222
On 11/5/2024
Radiology Partners - Workstation Set Up
Company: Strategic Systems, Inc.
	
Time Logged
3 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$166.65
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Sridhar Thatipally
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Strategic Systems, Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (1402)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description

We are currently looking for PC/Field Technicians who can do smart hands support and IMAC support.

DAYS ON SITE: 1 Day

Schedule Date: Thursday 10/31

Location: 133 Fairfield St, St Albans City, VT 05478




Project Name: Radiology Partners - Workstation Set Up                                            

Point of Contact Lead: TBD




SHORT DESCRIPTION: Workstation Set Up

SCOPE:

There are some workstations that need to be moved at that site (not picked up, just moved). 

Each station has a tower and 4 monitors. Two of those stations their monitors are built for Mammography reads and two stations are only for general read.

For now, we only need to set up the two mammography compatible workstations and the general read station that is in the chief rad’s office in the two new offices.

The small office will have one mammography workstation, and the big office will have one mammography workstation and one general workstation.”




Tool Required: TBD

Dress Code: Business casual, closed-toe shoes, no jeans, collared shirts.

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 6:18 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 10/31/2024 at 8:27 AM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Check out
Completed by you on 10/31/2024 at 12:22 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Signoff Sheet
View Photo
Completed by you on 10/31/2024 at 1:40 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Photo of (ex. equipment upon arrival) Photo of (ex. serial #) Photo of (ex. packed for return / return tracking #) Photo of (ex. completed setup, etc.) Photo of completed sign-off sheet
View Photo
Completed by you on 10/31/2024 at 1:39 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I arrived and had to wait until the General Contractor arrived. The Radiology director informed me that he was running the project.
I was brought to the workstations that had to me moved and had to wait until the first Mamo workstation was available.
I moved the first one, detached the cables to redress clean.
The new room was not big enough to place the desk on the far wall so John the GC informed me to put it on the right wall.
The data port and power were on opposite sides of the room.
I had to stop so the vendor could certify the first mamo reading machine, then had to move the second mammography workstation so he could certify that one.

Once he cleared both machines I moved the last machine; the workstations were not reaching the software for the reads so the director called in the onsite IT network tech and we worked together to figure out what vlan needed to be activated on each port.

I brought him to each old office, he found out that the 701 vlan is the dedicated vlan for the work stations and he configured the switch.

Once all three were moved and the network tech didnt require me any further, I had the site lead sign me out and I departed.
There is no return labels nor any before and after; I had to move preexisting workstations to new offices.
I had to cut my work short because the tech needed to get back to work, so I don't have after pics because I had to leave the offices.
Completed by you on 10/31/2024 at 2:55 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
3 Total hours
3 hours
10/31/2024 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
10/31/2024 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/31/2024 at 8:27 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Signoff Sheet (1)
IMG_20241031_115919718.jpg(90.53 KB)
10/31/2024 at 1:40 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Photo of (ex. equipment upon arrival) Photo of (ex. serial #) Photo of (ex. packed for return / return tracking #) Photo of (ex. completed setup, etc.) Photo of completed sign-off sheet (1)
IMG_20241031_115919718.jpg(90.53 KB)
10/31/2024 at 1:39 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 4 days 
Learn more
Labor
$200.00
Rate
$200.00
First Hours
4
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$35.00
Additional Hours
2 Max
Service Charges3
$32.80
Taxes1
$0.55
Sum
Work Order Cost
$200.00
Total Service Charges
$32.80
Taxes
$0.55
Total
$166.65
Schedule
Thu, Oct 31, 2024

Arrive at 8:45 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Albans City, VT 05478 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
