# Work Order 5501329

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5501329  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:22:44  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5501329
On 9/28/2018
Graphic Install & Merchandising Reset Template
Company: MTI
	
Time Logged
2.35 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$167.60
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Chris Ferguson
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: MTI
Overall satisfaction:
 (820)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	General Tasks
Service Description

IMPORTANT REQUIREMENTS

All providers must have completed background check and drug test requirements before they will be eligible for work with MTI

To complete the required background and drug test requirements, the provider must complete the Field Nation recruitment
REQUIRED TRAINING -- Navigate to link to complete the mandatory training. Link to be provided 1 week before your visits is scheduled.
Training must be completed before the visit 
Training is estimated to take 1 hour to complete




PROJECT OVERVIEW

We are requesting a provider to remove old graphics and install new graphics. Replace up to 3 devices on *** Security for the Apple display. Visits occur on the night of 9/20 at store closing, or the morning of 9/21 one hour before the store opens. New graphic and tools for install will be shipped to the store.


Technician will be required to be on time to their required visit
The work is estimated to take 1.5 hours to complete - Most technician can complete in less time
Aid in replacing graphics
Refer any questions to the work order manager
The provider will check in and out of the same work order
Identify themselves as a contractor of ***

DRESS CODE:

Dress Code: Collared shirt, and Slacks or Clean Jeans (no rips, tears, or stains)

COMPETENCIES / REQUIREMENTS


Ability to provide clear communication
Have a basic understanding of phone security, putting up graphics 
Providers who expect the unexpected 


REQUIRED EQUIPMENT

You may need a step-stool as some displays are 7.5 ft. tall (228 cm)




PRE SITE TASKS

Take mandatory Training in the link provided 
Set ETA


ON SITE TASKS

The provider will check in and out of the same work order 

Check in using the Field Nation mobile app
Meet with site contact when arriving at site
A Letter of Authorization will be attached before your visit date. You will need to print and bring this with you, and present it to the store manager.
All Tools and Graphics will be onsite
Follow instructions 
Take before and after pictures 
You will be required to complete your survey and provide photos in the MTI System (Natural Insight) before you leave the location. Login information will be provided before your visit
Clean/straighten up at the end of the day.
Check out with onsite contact
Check out using the Field Nation mobile app when work is complete for the day




BONUS


You will receive a $50 Bonus if you arrive on time, complete all scope of work, and submit your completed Natural Insight Survey before leaving the location.







View Less
Tasks
Prep
Take Training - You will be able to access the training at http://www.MTIExpert.com, you will be messaged your user name and password to access the training. This training is required in order to be able to complete the visit. Please allow about an hour to compl
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/20/2018 at 4:51 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/15/2018 at 6:11 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/21/2018 at 6:39 AM(EDT)
Complete Scope of Work
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/20/2018 at 9:28 PM(EDT)
Complete Survey In Natural Insight
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/20/2018 at 9:24 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/21/2018 at 9:51 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
all units were installed
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/20/2018 at 9:29 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.35 Total hours
2.35 hours
9/21/2018 at 6:39 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
9/21/2018 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
1.85 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/21/2018 at 6:39 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
IMG_20180921_0856410.jpg(1.26 MB)
9/21/2018 at 10:09 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: sign off
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$150.00
Pay Amount
$150.00
Additional Payments1
$50.00
Service Charges3
$24.60
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$200.00
Total Service Charges
$24.60
Total
$167.60
Schedule
Fri, Sep 21, 2018

Arrive at 6:30 AM (EDT)

Estimated 5 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Elmhurst, NY 11373 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
