# Work Order 5673007

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5673007  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:28:41  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5673007
On 11/20/2018
Kiosk printer gets paper jammed in between the printer edge, where the paper cuts and the kiosk door
Company: Spencer Technologies
	
Time Logged
2 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$79.83
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Emily Smith
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Spencer Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (178137)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

SOW:​

​Special instructions:
Fault: Kiosk printer gets paper jammed in between the printer edge, where the paper cuts and the kiosk door. This is most likely because there is too big of a space. Please confirm if this is the issue. (FYI: Printers were replaced recently and the issue persists). Please eliminate the space, by bringing the printer closer to the Kiosk door. Bring additional longer screws, just in case . Bring extra washers or some other small parts to eliminate the extra space.
Expectation: Receipt printer paper should not jam between the Kiosk and printer. Please eliminate the space in between. We need a tech on site to assist.
- contact Panasonic upon arrival to speak with Tillster support regarding on-site request
- Test Printer printer operation after troubleshooting




​​PLEASE PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS TO MOD UPON ARRIVAL ON SITE:



PANASONIC CALL ID: ***********************

SPENCER REQUEST ID: (1847657)



TOOLS REQUIRED:

** Windows Based Laptop

** #2 Phillips Screwdriver

** Electrical tape

** Small flat blade screwdriver

** Velcro

** Fish tape

** Pull string

** Open Ended Wrenches (needed to remove the coupling nuts that hold the guards onto the KIOSKS, (must be removed before the screen can be replaced).

TECH MUST DOWNLOAD PAINT TOOL FOR CABLE TESTING:

Paint Tool Link:
Download and Install PAINT TOOL
MCDS corporate ping tool to validate a a homerun cable anywhere in store thru the switch back to the Corporate helpdesk. This turns your laptop into a Cable Tester. 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B0qtf_Qe8ZRVQWZDWmEyWld0Tjg/view?usp=sharing 



UPON ARRIVAL AT RESTAURANT:


     1. Technician must check in with Spencer Service ************** ****** ***


     2. If support is required, Spencer McDonald's Support is 24/7 available (************* ****** **


     3. Image kits and Parts are to be shipped independently of each other and boxed separately. EACH BOX has own waybill. If no waybill please contact Spencer Service Department ASAP to address.


FOR CALLS PERTAINING TO KIOSKS:

Tech to realign the printer. Test each printer multiple times to verify there is no more jamming and freezing. NOTE: Do not use a power drill to tighten screws on printer bracket. Power tools will strip the screws
Tech to inspect printer and door. Make sure doors and printers are aligned. Verify no doors get stuck. Ensure paper chute doesn't scratch up against printer
Techmust take pictures of printers, brackets, paper chutes on kiosks
Tech must record serial numbers of all kiosks and provide numbers to Panasonic 
DO NOT exceed 2 hours on the job without contacting Spencer Service ************** *** ** with an update.
TECH MUST contact Spencer Service Department for onsites exceeding the 6 hour timeframe. Calls over 6 hours MUST be approved by Panasonic Helpdesk Agent. If time is not approved, call will be paid out at a 6 hour minimum
Failure to comply with these instructions will result in no pay and dismissal from site.

Check-Out Requirements :

(Upon completion of the job, BEFORE leaving the site)

Technician MUST SEND COMPLETED ONSITE form to Spencer Service Department PRIOR to leaving the site. Form may be sent by e-mail or fax **************. Taking a picture of form with your smart-phone and texting it to service@spencertech.com is acceptable; however, image sent must be legible. E-mails Subject title should be the Spencer Call #.
SIGN OFF FORM ATTACHED TO WORK ORDER MUST BE PRINTED AND SIGNED BY STORE MANAGER.
Tech can download free app "Adobe Fill & Sign" if form cannot be printed prior to arriving on site and MOD can sign on mobile device. 
** Tech must contact Panasonic Helpdesk (866) 472-6767 (Option 3, Option 2) prior to leaving store.  Tech must document name of person at Panasonic Helpdesk who released you from store.  This name will need to be provided to Spencer Service agent at checkout
** Tech must contact Spencer Service to Check Out prior to leaving site at 508-635-2100, Opt 1, Opt 5
** Technician is responsible for the removal and return of any defective equipment (including equipment sent directly to site by Panasonic), and must provide Spencer Service with serial numbers and tracking information prior to leaving site.'  Failure to do so will result in delay of payment. 
Tech must check-out with the Spencer Service Department (508-635-2100, option 1)﻿ and provide the following information﻿:
A.  Defective Part Number
B.  Defective Serial Number
C.  Newly Installed Part Number
D.  Newly Installed Serial Number
E.  Return Tracking Number
Tech must provide the names of all pertinent person(s) they worked with. Technician must provide/verify serial numbers for old and new unit upon check out.




**Time listed on Panasonic Form must match times given to the Spencer Service Department upon checkout.


***Times must be rounded up to the quarter hour.

****PLEASE NOTE: IF RE-DISPATCHING ON A CALL, A SEPARATE PANASONIC SERVICE ONSITE ACCEPTANCE FORM WILL NEED TO BE SUBMITTED. PLEASE SEE AFOREMENTIONED PROCESS FOR SUBMITTING FORM. 




Tech is responsible for the removal and return of any defective equipment (Including equipment sent directly to site by Panasonic) and must provide Spencer Service with serial numbers and tracking information prior to leaving site.  Tech will drop this off at FedEx by the end of business the day.
IF AN IMAGE KIT IS TAKEN FROM A DEPOT, IT MUST BE RETURNED TO Spencer Technologies **(*** **** ******* ************* ** ****** **
!!!!!DO NOT Leave the image kit on site and DO NOT ship it back with used equipment!!!





TO RECEIVE PAYMENT FOR THIS JOB, THE ABOVE REQUIREMENTS  MUST BE MET.

View Less
Standard Instructions
**Please Review, Policies Have Changed**
Any deliverables that are listed as required for work order completion must be uploaded to the field nation platform upon completion of the work onsite. Failure to upload all listed deliverables within 24 hours of exiting the job site will result in a 25% penalty to the total labor payment.

While on this work order you are a representative of Spencer Technologies. All interactions with the customer, store personnel and Project Manager should be done in a professional manner. Any questions or concerns about the scope of work should be directed to Spencer Technologies only. Failure to do so may result in removal from eligibility for future work from us.

If for any reason upon arrival and checking in with the Project Manager the work order is cancelled or resch
View More
Policies & Procedures
You MUST read and understand the contents of the Work Order carefully before requesting. KNOW WHO TO CALL IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS.  
**IF YOU HAVE AN EMERGENCY AND CANNOT REACH THE PM LISTED ON THE WORK ORDER, CONTACT FIELD NATION IMMEDIATELY SO THEY CAN RELAY THE MESSAGE**

**NOT
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/19/2018 at 5:35 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2018 at 10:51 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2018 at 1:11 PM(EDT)
Post
Upload file of - Panasonic Onsite Form (with MOD Signature)
Download File
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2018 at 1:50 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
see sign off sheet
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2018 at 1:51 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2 Total hours
2 hours
10/20/2018 at 10:51 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
10/20/2018 at 12:51 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2018 at 10:51 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
- Panasonic Onsite Form (with MOD Signature) (1)
burgerking7262.pdf(307.37 KB)
10/20/2018 at 1:50 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: signoff sheet
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$90.00
Rate
$90.00
First Hours
2
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$45.00
Additional Hour
1 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$10.17
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$90.00
Total Service Charges
$10.17
Total
$79.83
Schedule
Sat, Oct 20, 2018

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Brooklyn, NY 11201 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
