# Work Order 9153376

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9153376  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:22:27  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9153376
 Bundled: 1 of 4
On 2/5/2021
Office Set Up - monitors and docking stations. Work in team. 8:30am-5pm
Store number/Addressee: Macy's New York City Herald Square Office
Company: NCR Voyix - Retail
	
Time Logged
7 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$185.36
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Luke Ivanov
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
6
Engagement
Overview
Company: NCR Voyix - Retail
Overall satisfaction:
 (33863)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	General Tasks
Service Description




REQUIREMENTS




Dress code-- Casual business attire, including COLLARED SHIRT (WITHOUT LOGOS), jeans, and comfortable
shoes during the entire installation process.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHOULD: hats, baggy jeans, open-toed shoes, fatigues, or sweatsuits be worn. Clothes must be worn in a professional manner, neatly pressed and tidy.
NCR identification badge must be worn and visible at all times. 
MUST BE able to lift a minimum of 45 pounds
Work Order MUST BE fully completed while onsite by using the FN-Mobile App (Smartphone) 
Required tools (see below for details)







OVERVIEW

This will be setting up monitors and docking stations. One site. Start time 8:30am. Working hours: 7.5 hours onsite.





Arrival:

Technician will enter the building by the Employee Entrance on 35th Street between loading dock and deli on the corner of 35th street and 7th ave. Technicians will need to sign in at the security desk and show identification.

Contact:  Jim Schiede or Manuel Lara

•    Wellness Check: Technicians will be required to answer a series of wellness question and have their temperature checked after signing in.

•    Techs must comply with CDC guidelines for install (wear mask and maintain social distancing)

Kickoff Meeting 9:00am

Kickoff Meeting will be held at 9:00am on the 19th floor to review these instructions and provide technician assignments. Meeting will last approximately 15 minutes.




Tools Required: Phillips Head Screw Driver




PLEASE REVIEW THE ATTACHED INSTALL MANUAL




REQUIRED TOOLS:

Phillips Head Screw Driver



Check in / Check out requirements:

Call site contact: *** ******* ************ ************** ****************************



Personnel issues will go to Li250033@ncr.com﻿﻿
SD230348@ncr.com







View Less
Policies & Procedures
Supplemental Terms
NCR Terms and Conditions
                These terms (the “Supplemental Terms”) supplement the Standard Work Order Terms and C
View More
Tasks
Prep
Download file Macys Herald Square Equipment Install Instructions.docx
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
PPE must be worn (mask and gloves) check temperature before going to site must be below 98.6
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
Print your NCR Badjge. NCR identification badge must be worn and visible at all times.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/13/2021 at 12:06 PM(EDT)
On Site
Enter the building by the Employee Entrance on 35th Street between loading dock and deli on the corner of 35th street and 7th ave
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 8:50 AM(EDT)
call the site contact: Jim Schiede 631-806-4858 or Manuel Lara 925-719-3744 ​
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 4:50 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
moved to the 17th floor. There were new docks and I inquired if there needs to be new cabling. I received the answer and returned to placing the hdmi in the right and fixed the couple of stations that were opposite. My section was cleaned up and we were released. I sent an email to NCR to fully explain what happened. I was removed for an discriminatory reason in my opinion. There was no reason to remove me from the project. My work was the fastest and very neat to the standards Macy's required of us. Any other narrative in incorrect.


Also the 7 subway line that I take into Manhattan was recently worked on and received new equipment. There has been delays on my commute where the subway just stopped working and I had to wait to continue into Manhattan. Out of my control other than taking a different way into the city.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 6:48 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Store number/AddresseeCustomer Store number/ Terminal ID
Macy's New York City Herald Square Office
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7 Total hours
3.85 hours
1/14/2021 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
1/14/2021 at 4:50 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 1:20 PM(EDT)
3.15 hours
1/14/2021 at 8:50 AM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
1/14/2021 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/14/2021 at 8:50 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$180.00
Pay Amount
$180.00
Requested Pay Change Denied
$200.00
Additional Charges1
$40.00
Service Charges2
$25.30
Taxes1
$0.76
Sum
Work Order Cost
$220.00
Total Service Charges
$25.30
Taxes
$0.76
Total
$185.36
Schedule
Thu, Jan 14, 2021

Arrive at 8:30 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
NEW YORK, NY 1001 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
