# Work Order 6200376

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6200376  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:37:02  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6200376
On 5/10/2019
EU needs to setup a new One Drive on a Win 10 Computer and Move old data from old user into it
Company: Techs In A Sec
	
Time Logged
4.67 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$79.83
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Luis Bergara
	
Company Ratings 
Techs In A Sec ID: 450
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
12
Engagement
Overview
Company: Techs In A Sec
244 5th Ave
Suite 200
New York, NY 10001
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (5338)
Title: EU needs to setup a new One Drive on a Win 10 Computer and Move old data from old user into it
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Setup
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

READ EVERYTHING: !!!

Configure One Drive for a new user but you must retain the old data in the account for the new user.

All Passwords should be with the company.







Policies & Procedures
#######################################################
READ EVERYTHING!! IT IS CRITICAL TO YOUR PAYMENT!!

You MUST get the Work Order signed with times and also leave EU a copy.

DO NOT TAKE THIS JOB UNLESS YOU ARE CONFIDENT YOU CAN RESOLVE THE ISSUES!!
######
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/20/2019 at 1:17 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2019 at 9:14 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/22/2019 at 9:34 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Arrived and was instructed on the issues the owner's PC was having.
The Business account of onedrive contained personal files.
The owner did not want his personal information shared with the company.
There are onedrive personal and business accounts using the same email address
The personal account was sharing personal files because of multiple shared folders nested in the personal file itself and settings set by the person who was the admin of the account.
I had to remove all of the files in the personal drive, download then transfer them onto the owner's pc for sync
I had to remove personal files from the estimators pc, then backup files that were local but needed to be in the business onedrive account. Made backup of all files on this pc and instructed Lori of the location.
The business account had a team sharepoint site that had personal files within also. I had to remove those files to the personal sharepoint site and remove access to a recently departed estimator. I instructed Lori on how to add new employees to the team site and verified all the files were transferred out.
There are three personal folders in the personal sharepoint site one is a back up of another and there was another folder by the same name but had different files contained within.
All folders were backed up locally.
Logging out of and into the personal and business accounts caused errors in sync, and the same email address should not of been used for personal and business accounts. Caused errors locally and the personal folder kept reapearing in the business account.

OneDrive/Desktop version was not loading; it was in the middle of a failed installation.
The failed installation broke the link with the local onedrive folder.
There was a OneDrive Microsoft app, the personal desktop version and the Onedrive for business was the final failed installation.
Revo uninstaller could not take out the programs. The Onedrive uninstaller was not in the syswow64 folder. I had to run commands twice to remove enough to reinstall OneDrive, after creating a new profile, logging into that one and installing OneDrive again. Unlinked the local folder then linked again in the owner's profile. Sync was functional and linked to the local folder. All files that was added after the break were uploading.
Gave instructions where to save all files going forward and checked Lori's pc for Onedrive functionality.
Instructed Lori is the sync breaks again that the owner's profile needs to be replaced and we can return to create a new profile. I offered to create one and she declined. She had to leave for the day. The new profile is only if the sync breaks again.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2019 at 7:40 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Customer Signature on the WO with the times on it
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/22/2019 at 12:16 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
4.67 Total hours
4.67 hours
2/21/2019 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
2/21/2019 at 2:10 PM(EDT)
13.72 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/21/2019 at 9:14 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Customer Signature on the WO with the times on it (1)
IMG_20190222_1214515.jpg(2.75 MB)
2/22/2019 at 12:16 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$90.00
Rate
$30.00
Hours
4.67 Logged / 3 Max
Requested Pay Change Denied
$140.10
Service Charges2
$10.17
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$90.00
Total Service Charges
$10.17
Total
$79.83
Schedule
Thu, Feb 21, 2019

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Floral Park, NY 11001 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
