# Work Order 6532574

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6532574  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:42:29  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6532574
On 5/14/2019
Win 10 Migration Project- Post Support
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
2 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$53.22
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jose Pavon
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Troubleshooting
Setup
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

SERVICE REQUEST:




Smart Source is looking forresources to represent our customer at a client site. We are currently in need for 1 Migration Technician. This project is for a Win10 migration for a law firm across the USA.

For this project we will be using “PC Mover” which is a migration tool that is very efficient and quick with migrating, files, pictures, apps, user profile and etc. You will also set up work station for each user as each of them receive a different order of configuration of hardware such as monitors, keyboards, docking stations and etc.


You will have instructions on using PC Mover + using the Win Easy transfer Cable.


On these Pilots sites we are ONLY booking extremely professional individuals that are extensively experienced with migrations and know Win 7 and win 10 operating systems like the back of their hand. This is a customer facing Role



POST SUPPORT NEXT DAY REQUIRED! - You will be required to return the next day after finishing up all migrations at 9am for about 1-2 hours depending on how big the site is and also if you face any issues while onsite. this is a part of the assignment that is required.




TOOLS REQUIRED:
•    Valid photo ID
•    Fully-charged smartphone
•    Basic PC toolkit
•    Any tools required to complete the scope above

DRESS CODE:
You must adhere to the following professional standards with regard to attire, personal hygiene and appearance while performing services at client sites:
•    Attire and employees must be clean and presentable
•    Acceptable attire includes a plain shirt (polo style or button-down free of logos/graphics); khakis, Dockers or similarly styled pants, and hard soled shoes such as loafers
•    Unacceptable attire includes, but is not limited to, torn or soiled clothes of any kind, blue jeans (or denim-like material), T-shirts, sunglasses, hats, and tennis or jogging shoes
•    No visible body piercing or tattoos

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
•    Deliverables must be submitted from site.
•    Work order must be marked complete the day a site is visited
•    PLEASE NOTE: work orders will not be considered complete or approved without all deliverables being received. We cannot guarantee a work order will be approved/paid if deliverables are received after the day a site is visited.





It is estimated that each machine should not take longer than 45 Minutes - any additional delays should be accounted for on your delay form in order to be paid for, failure to track your delays will result in forfeit payment for extra time. This also applies to estimated time onsite provided to you on your deliverable, this will be noted on one of your instructions, or inventory list.

View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.)

(Point #1) 24 Hour Reconfirmation: You are required to reconfirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please proactively call into your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is a must!
(Point #2) Same Day Reconfirmation: SmartSource will be sending an automated text approxim
View More
Policies & Procedures
APPROVAL PERIOD - SmartSource, Inc has a 7-10 business day approval period. Once a work order is marked complete, all hours and deliverables are sent to the client for their approval and then work orders will be paid.
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/8/2019 at 2:16 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/10/2019 at 8:58 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/10/2019 at 10:59 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
arlene is a remote worker.
She was able to log into the machine and verify data transfer.
She required an AS400 desktop link, however, that is out of scope and Jacqueline and Eric were working on the issue. I was asked to wait to make sure all was completed. Eric released me and was working on the terminal link when I left for the day.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/13/2019 at 2:15 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2 Total hours
2 hours
5/10/2019 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
5/10/2019 at 11:00 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/10/2019 at 8:58 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
IMAG0072.jpg(967.24 KB)
5/13/2019 at 2:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
ARLENELINCHANGOMIGRATION.pdf(166.12 KB)
5/13/2019 at 2:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$60.00
Rate
$30.00
Hours
2 Logged / 4 Max
Service Charges2
$6.78
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$60.00
Total Service Charges
$6.78
Total
$53.22
Schedule
Fri, May 10, 2019

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10004 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
