# Work Order 626781

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/626781  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:55:38  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#626781
On 9/6/2013
Win 7 may be corrupt and need backup/reinstall
Company: Techs In A Sec
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$27.00
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Bob Wahlen
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Techs In A Sec
244 5th Ave
Suite 200
New York, NY 10001
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (5338)
Title: Win 7 may be corrupt and need backup/reinstall
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description

READ EVERYTHING!!!

Win 7 had an update problem and now does not enter Windows.
Tech must bring a PE type disk and external HD in case a backup/reinstall is needed.

Tech needs to troubleshoot and resolve the issue.

Please use the following guidelines for malware / virus issues:  Tech is to make sure that EU has been running an antivirus program(and if on Win XP has SP3 on and enough memory on it to run SP3 and a AV software)  and is current or within reasonably current, Tech will then be able to proceed with virus removal. If client is not using any antivirus then tech is to give EU an option which is his choice alone to make 1. Tell him total reinstallation is the best way to make sure all threats are removed or 2. Tech will proceed with removal but we can not guarantee that the virus will not come back because of his current antivirus program situation. Tech is to be very clear on these 2 points so that there is no confusion on the EU part as to the action taken. If a total reinstallation is to take place make sure that EU has his disk for computer and if he doesnt you are instructed only to reinstall based on the product key sticker on the computer. Tech is to also carry with him a usb portable hard drive and a PE disk to be used if a backup is necessary and it is to be explained to EU that backups are part of total time being billed.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
#######################################################
READ EVERYTHING!! IT IS CRITICAL TO YOUR PAYMENT!!

You MUST get the Work Order signed with times and also leave EU a copy.

DO NOT TAKE THIS JOB UNLESS YOU ARE CONFIDENT YOU CAN RESOLVE THE ISSUES!!
######
View More
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
8/29/2013 at 5:40 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
12.47 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/29/2013 at 5:54 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
img001.pdf(546.48 KB)
8/30/2013 at 9:58 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$30.00
Rate
$30.00
Hours
4.33 Max

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges1
$3.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$30.00
Total Service Charges
$3.00
Total
$27.00
Schedule
Thu, Aug 29, 2013

Arrive at 5:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Jenkintown, PA 19046 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
