# Work Order 12797677

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12797677  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:11:52  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12797677
On 2/17/2023
Needs 5 company laptops cleaned up and set to corporate standards
Company: Techs In A Sec
	
Time Logged
5.08 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$128.93
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Bob Wahlen
	
Company Ratings 
Techs In A Sec ID: 450
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Techs In A Sec
244 5th Ave
Suite 200
New York, NY 10001
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (5338)
Title: Needs 5 company laptops cleaned up and set to corporate standards
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

READ EVERYTHING!!!

You MUST wear face mask and social distance while on site

Be On Time! In the rare event your running late call us at 866-692-8324 Prior to Appointment time.

Do NOT mention price of labor or parts to client.

EU needs company laptops cleaned up and set to corporate standards.

Bring a laptop

bring a portable hard drive to save and restore data

Bring Windows Media disk to do a total OS reinstall if neccesary.




View Less
Policies & Procedures
#######################################################
READ EVERYTHING!! IT IS CRITICAL TO YOUR PAYMENT!!

You MUST get the Work Order signed with times and also leave EU a copy.

DO NOT TAKE THIS JOB UNLESS YOU ARE CONFIDENT YOU CAN RESOLVE THE ISSUES!!
######
View More
Tasks
Prep
Confirm: I have read the WO and Attachments
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/26/2023 at 8:14 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by you on 1/25/2023 at 8:12 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 1/26/2023 at 8:55 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/26/2023 at 3:03 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I am not confident at all that this was a authentic work order. I uploaded the signed work order but I don’t feel any real work was completed and the client just lied the whole day. You can bill for this dumpster fire. As I said on the phone; don’t bother me about this work order. The client actually lied and said that a multinational corporation does not have a domain and they do not use SCCM to image and send out factory reset laptops to end users. Unquantifiable is a unethical company.
Completed by you on 1/30/2023 at 9:45 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Signed WO with times
View Photo
Completed by you on 1/30/2023 at 9:36 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
5.08 Total hours
1.5 hours
1/26/2023 at 1:30 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
1/26/2023 at 3:00 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/26/2023 at 1:16 PM(EDT)
3.58 hours
1/26/2023 at 8:55 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
1/26/2023 at 12:30 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/26/2023 at 8:55 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Signed WO with times (2)
IMG_2105.jpg(289.82 KB)
1/30/2023 at 9:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_2106.jpg(198.86 KB)
1/30/2023 at 9:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$152.40
Rate
$30.00
Hours
5.08 Logged / 5.08 M...
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$23.47
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$152.40
Total Service Charges
$23.47
Total
$128.93
Schedule
Thu, Jan 26, 2023

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Jersey City, NJ 07310 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
