# Work Order 14044218

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/14044218  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:13:39  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#14044218
On 10/13/2023
POS replacement
Company: PIVITAL
SVR: Sent to Client
	
Time Logged
3.04 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$73.45
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
NCR HSR
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Scope of Work:





​

Subject: POS replacement

Part Number: 7761-3100-0067

Part Description: P1535 PCAP 120GB 8GB RAM WIN10E-64BIT 2016 MSR Int2x20








﻿Re-package the Old Device: 




Peel off the shipping label to reveal the return label. 
Write the RMA number on the box – found on the attached sign-off sheet.  
Take a photo of the label and upload it to the work order
Drop the package off at any FedEx location. 




 





Review attached client work order for equipment details and client work order #. Remember to print the client work order for the POC sign-off.
 





Do not log multiple site visits on this work order.





Each site visit will require its own work order.





If a revisit is needed or requested by support, close out this work order and contact Pivital ASAP to notify that a revisit will be required.
 





Device installs may also include troubleshooting, configuration, or working with support to confirm device is on the customer’s network.





Terminals may have peripheral devices, such as printers or pin pads . These may also need troubleshooting and/or configuration to complete the installation scope. 





Tool Requirement:




WIN10 Laptop – with Charger
Cellphone – with Charger
Black Ink Pens – for Documentation
Hot Spot or Internet Dongle
Regular, Phillips, & Micro screwdrivers (various sizes)
USB Keyboard & Mouse
USB Thumb Drive (4Gb or 16Gb)
Side cutters
Nut drivers
Crescent wrench
Allen wrench set
Black electrical tape
7” Ty-wraps
RJ11/45 6ft patch cables
Digital camera
Labels
Permanent marker
Grounding strap (to prevent ESD)
Flashlight




Applicable for Cabling/Wiring call only:




Network cable
Cat5 Network tester




Site Requirements:




Part(s) must be dropped off at the FedEx Location – DO NOT leave the part on the site.
If MOD or Support request part to be left onsite. Call ********* **** *******and confirm before leaving site. RDC representative's name will be required.
Duration of the site visit should not be more than 1.5 hours – If additional time required onsite, call for extended duration approval: *** **** ******************.
Record the client employee's First name of who provided approval for an extended time frame.
Approval must be documented in the work order’s correct Custom Field or payment will be denied.




Site Security Requirements: 




Government-issued photo ID required  
Names of all technicians attending the site must be provided in advance  
Check-in with site contacts representing ***
The job requires workers to be fully equipped to complete all work without the need for any customer tools or equipment  
Professional environment expects professional conduct and clean business casual attire  
View Less
Standard Instructions
-Deliverables are due within 6 hours of tech leaving site.
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL unless otherwise instructed in the work or
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 9/19/2023 at 9:48 AM(EDT)
Print work order out - the work order MUST be completed (including start and complete time) and signed by the manager on duty prior to leaving site (see attachments for PDF)
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 1:13 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 2:54 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding check in with HSR Help Desk (RDC). Reference Client Work Order # (also shown on work order details header this is not your FN wo#)
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:03 PM(EDT)
HSR Help Desk will provided a customer specific support number. Call support as directed by the HSR Help Desk.
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:03 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Old equipment before install
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:06 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Serial Number of Old Part
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:06 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Serial Number of New Part
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:35 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of New Equipment after install
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:35 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Return tracking label
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:36 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Part
Box up the return part to ship back as instructed. Remember to peel off the shipping label as there will be a return label.
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:37 PM(EDT)
Write the RMA number on the return box
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:37 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Completed and signed client work order
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 6:33 PM(EDT)
Provide the name of the MOD
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 6:33 PM(EDT)
Confirm with the customer support work is completed and record the name of the person you are working with.
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 6:34 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Call HSR Help Desk (RDC) after work is completed with support. Tech MUST check out with HSR Help Desk prior to leaving site.
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 6:34 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
arrived onsite
called NCR
verified Help Desk number
spoke with elnie and was approved to troubleshoot internet
i was able to get pos online
called level 2 to test
Argie informed me that i had to swap pos
I swapped hdd, performed cable management and performed testing.called level 2
Argie tested POS with Manager
was released
called NCR and was released by them
clocked out
dropped off POS next door
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 6:38 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
Post
Upload/take photo of FedEx Tracking Receipt
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/20/2023 at 6:38 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
3.04 Total hours
3.04 hours
9/20/2023 at 2:54 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
9/20/2023 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/20/2023 at 2:54 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Old equipment before install (1)
1695243979317.jpg(120.5 KB)
9/20/2023 at 5:06 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Old PC
Serial Number of Old Part (1)
1695244009939.jpg(99.14 KB)
9/20/2023 at 5:06 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Old serial
Serial Number of New Part (1)
1695245693712.jpg(137.16 KB)
9/20/2023 at 5:35 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: New serial
New Equipment after install (1)
1695245719207.jpg(117.93 KB)
9/20/2023 at 5:35 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: New install
Return tracking label (1)
1695245755967.jpg(102.54 KB)
9/20/2023 at 5:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Return label
Completed and signed client work order (1)
IMG_20230920_183241549.jpg(123.33 KB)
9/20/2023 at 6:33 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Work order
FedEx Tracking Receipt (1)
Screenshot_20230920-183212.jpg(79.93 KB)
9/20/2023 at 6:38 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Text confirmation
Misc (0)
Shipments
FedEx
611816238828
Shipping from site
Delivered Sep 25, 2023
Description: Pos 
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$87.35
Rate
$45.00
First Hours
1.5
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$27.50
Additional Hours
1.54 Logged / 1.54 M...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$13.90
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$87.35
Total Service Charges
$13.90
Total
$73.45
Schedule
Wed, Sep 20, 2023

Arrive at 3:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1.5 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
SOMERVILLE, NJ 08876 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
