# Work Order 11292634

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/11292634  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:10:24  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#11292634
 Bundled: 1 of 9
On 4/22/2022
Insight | GBT | Device Set up | 8 weeks | $40/hr
Job#: n/a|WO#: n/a
Company: Insight Enterprises Inc.
	
Time Logged
8.02 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$290.55
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
AskICR Dispatcher
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: Insight Enterprises Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (60967)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Backup
Imaging
Setup
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

We are looking for three resources for an 8 week engagement. Please submit resume to askICR@insight.com with subject line "GBT"

Details: End user support in client’s Global technology environment, including but not limited to desktop support, network administration, and telephony.  Technical Support Specialist accomplishes this by offering incident solutions in a timely manner or escalating to the appropriate Information Technology Team.

 Key Responsibilities

Provide end user support to all users.
Provide 24 hour support for critical requests.
Provide incident management for technology issues.
Prioritization of mission critical incidents over non-mission critical incidents.
Escalate to appropriate Information Technology team when necessary.
Ensure incidents are resolved in a timely manner.
Support computer hardware
Provide vendor escalation for end users.

 

 

Key Qualifications

Minimum of 3 years experience with a focus on Information Technology and end user support.
Bachelor’s degree in information systems or a related field. Combination of 2 year degree in information systems and desktop support work experience also a consideration.
Working knowledge of all facets of desktop support, including; desktop systems, help desk, printer/faxing environments.
Strong knowledge of Windows Operating systems, Office Suites, VPN, Active Directory and Exchange.
Strong knowledge of systems and applications including, SEE, SEP, Agresso, Bomgar.
Understanding and experience with travel related/reservation systems such as Sabre, Apollo and Galileo.
Strong understanding of Cisco telephony system, VOIP, BES and general networking practices desired.
Requires excellent judgment and outstanding customer service abilities to service end users.
Self-motivated and the ability to function with minimal instruction.
Strong interpersonal skills required to have clear and precise communication with end users during the incident management process.

Terms for Travel: 

•    Payment amount listed on this WO is an all-in rate

•    If provider is seeking additional compensation for travel time due to distance from work order, this must be requested as a counter-offer prior to assignment

•    If submitted post-assignment, pay increase requests for travel time will not be approved

•    Tolls or Parking fees will only be eligible for reimbursement if receipt is attached to the work order when closed out

 

Terms for Additional Time Required Onsite:

•    Technician must call buyer contact listed in WO immediately upon realizing additional time over max hours in WO will be required

•    If additional time required is due to factors agreed to by buyer as outside of tech control; technician may submit request for pay increase for time onsite over max in WO 

•    IMPORTANT: Pay increase for additional time must be requested and Approved by buyer while tech is onsite; additional time logged by tech on WO or pay increase requests will only be paid if tech obtained pre-approval from buyer POC while onsite

•    Tech must enter name of buyer contact who approved increase to ensure any approval questions are directed accordingly

The job is considered incomplete if you leave site before sending deliverables and calling Insight Command Center to check out. 

Which will cause delay or no compensation. 

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order

Independent Contractor Status. Contractor on this work order expressly acknowledges and agrees that they (the Contrac
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/28/2022 at 3:04 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/21/2022 at 8:59 AM(EDT)
On Site
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/22/2022 at 12:32 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
completed Chad Oliver
Spoke with Nancy Briggard and my scheduled work orders were cancelled by the request of GBT and Insight complied and cancelled 51 work orders before a proper investigation was completed and a contractual and legal reason was produced by GBT and Insight. Those cancellations detrimentally effect my profile algorithm for future work. I am exploring my options for the cancellation of 22k worth of work orders because of retaliatory reasons from Cheikh Lo and a demographically and discriminatory driven reason from GBT that I did not fit into their "culture" because as a women, a queer and a small business I am focused on protecting my work, my contracts and my business reputation. There was a migration that had data loss; I reached out to Cheikh Lo and his direct manager to remind them and GBT that there was a possible claim against my General Liability and the device needed to be imaged to save the current state. I was treated rudely and was told not to "worry about the laptop and to look forward and focus on what is in front of me". I was yelled at and hung up on. FN service companies are contractually obligated to obtain and provide any information concerning a claim against the company's General Liability connected to their SC profile. Retaliation and not wanting me onsite because of several protected statuses is no reason to cancel the work orders. Client cannot interfere with contracts for reasons that are against the Human Rights Laws of NYC and NYS.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/22/2022 at 12:30 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Job#Job #
n/a



WO#Provider will be asked for this number by the ICC (Insight Command Center) during check in/out.
n/a
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
8.02 Total hours
4.5 hours
4/21/2022 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
0.36 miles from site
4/21/2022 at 5:30 PM(EDT)
0.36 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/22/2022 at 12:32 PM(EDT)
3.52 hours
4/21/2022 at 8:59 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
4/21/2022 at 12:30 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/21/2022 at 8:59 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$344.86
Rate
$43.00
Hours
8.02 Logged / 10 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$53.11
Taxes1
$1.20
Sum
Work Order Cost
$344.86
Total Service Charges
$53.11
Taxes
$1.20
Total
$290.55
Schedule
Thu, Apr 21, 2022

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
New York, NY 10017 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
