# Work Order 7500761

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/7500761  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:55:54  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#7500761
On 11/22/2019
REIMAGE 450 PCs -- multi day project / 8-10 hours per day
Company: Computer Plus
	
Time Logged
25.8 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$1,141.65
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Amelia Gillentine
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
21
Engagement
Overview
Company: Computer Plus
Overall satisfaction:
 (10748)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Rates for this call: $50/HR LABOR




Service Window:

11/16 & 11/17 at 9 AM [expected to be onsite 8-10 hours each day]

**Might take more than two days -- will know by Sunday a better estimate.




Location:

380 Washington Ave, Roosevelt, NY 11575




SOW:

They got hit by ransomware and they need about 450 devices reimaged/loaded. 

****** **** would provide a project manager onsite and they will provide the image and/or software. They need Level 1 techs that can take direction from his project manager. 

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/15/2019 at 9:54 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/16/2019 at 8:26 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/17/2019 at 9:02 PM(EDT)
Upload file of CPLUS FSR
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/19/2019 at 12:26 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
We arrived and assembled in the conference room
Phil and Consol Tech gave the rundown.
We had nothing.
We could use nothing on the network and they did not know when any network equipment would be online.
We only had one some wifi and not access to any images.
We were told to figure out Acronis and have a working windows 10 image to use before we figured out anything else.

Wade and Dennis were downloading images. The images from Microsoft downloaded and the one Dennis downloaded was used first. We were going to use his iso but when we attempted to copy the build stick, it looked encrypted and or corrupted and we did not know if the infection was on the stick.

We went with Wade's iso downloaded and Dennis kept working with his image and I was given the other image to build a stick to have a working process to complete the project. Dennis and I built a PE stick but it did not have the cloning software on it so Phil gave us the full suite from Acronis and we discussed including Windows updates on the win10 image and the group was concerned about drivers so we made an image without windows updates.

After waiting for Acronis and downloading and installing machines to image/clone, it was close to 4pm. Phil was downstairs working on the old MDT server and we had to wait until we had a win10 image before we could even see Acronis.

We had two computers running a fresh install of windows 10 and the imaging/cloning process was larger that any usb sticks we had onsite.

So we had to wait for a trip to MicroCenter to get 64gb drives to hold the win10 image.
So it was after 6pm when we had the correct size stick.
Dennis used his external drive and I had to copy out my 64gb stick and then use it to make another image. I had made one on a smaller disk but there was not enough room to work with the usb with the windows installation contained within.

So we imaged a couple of machines to test out the two creations. I was able to get a machine installed and Dennis had one installed and tried on another machine. There was some issues with a video card but it was unsure if the image was in issue as well.
I don't think he was able to get the machine going Saturday night, so we all assumed it did not work. He did not tell us if it was working.
So we had machines working and we did the process on one more machine before we left for the night. Two teams were made one for troubleshooting and one for imaging.

We arrived the next day and we started to make build sticks. We had two from the night before and Wade had them and was installing.
I was making images but reports came back that the machine from last night was not working so we had to troubleshoot what was going on because installs were working on only one model and it seemed it was failing on other models.




Dennis was on the troubleshooting team and was imaging with his stick.
We were getting failed installs on both of the sticks and could not figure out why.

Dennis built a new stick and I gave Russ the original iso to make another image and/or build with the original iso to get everything going. Russ built a stick but did not bring it back upstairs to share with the rest of the group.
I called Acronis and asked an admittedly narrow question. I gave the process I was using and asked if it should be model to model for the process I was completing. I got a yes and ended the call and told Paul what was said; half the team was using one part of Acronis and half the team was using another portion of the software, I think, there was so much fracturing of the group.

We got the group together and had a discussion without Russ as to what was going on and if someone has something that is working then get it out.
Dennis said some of the machines worked with Acronis and some failed so he was using the original iso. I had the same experience. I told the group that Russ was downstairs using the original iso from Wade and he was installing and not failing. So it was the same thing for Dennis and myself. Some were installing and some were failing. He was using an original iso and also had the Acronis stick to try out to see if it would work. Unfortunately, the win 7 stick was never made so we only had a 7 stick I had in my tools. It was an ultimate and it would not activate using a pro key, so I had my external hdd and used a pro image and a windows10 image made from the same media creator from MS.
I had to send out Olu and Warren to start imaging with .isos for 7 to get the machines going. I gave the Acronis image to Joe and Mike to work on AIOs they seem not to fail using the stick. Then one AIO failed and another one had a black screen again. So we were getting the same thing all over again.
I downloaded the driver pack for three AIOs and Olu was downloading drivers for the 7 machines. The CDs were for the original installs on the AIO and were not working on the 10 installs.

Russ showed Janice his sticks that were working and she told Phil and then he left. She said they worked. Mike called me Monday morning and I was in a group chat and it seemed as if Russ' stick was failing also, but I was not onsite so I don't know for sure. I had to cancel another work order for Monday but I have Gastroparesis and I was unable to work today. I am very sorry. I have had this condition since 2015 and I was just too sick to make it in today. It seemed as if they were angry at me because the site was not completed, but the process of making a 10 image took all of Saturday and Sunday showed a plethora of troubleshooting issues.
Techs did not know how to set up a bios for UEFI, how to troubleshoot 7 and I had to bounce around showing them how to do tasks and troubleshoot what was halting their progress.
The network team had pushed Symantec and the virus was contained and the Director's machine had no infection and all of his files were unaffected.
It seemed as that Symantec had corrected the machines on the network and maybe some files could be saved.
Mike and Wade were the only two who could return on Monday.

I have a full week of work here on FieldNation and could not continue in the project.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/19/2019 at 12:19 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
25.8 Total hours
13.17 hours
11/17/2019 at 7:51 AM(EDT)
0.96 miles from site
11/17/2019 at 9:02 PM(EDT)
0.3 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/17/2019 at 7:52 AM(EDT)
12.63 hours
11/16/2019 at 8:26 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
11/16/2019 at 9:03 PM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/16/2019 at 8:26 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
CPLUS FSR (1)
IMG_20191119_002559886.jpg(2.98 MB)
11/19/2019 at 12:26 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: signoff sheet
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$1,290.00
Rate
$50.00
Hours
25.8 Logged / 25.81 ...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges2
$148.35
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$1,290.00
Total Service Charges
$148.35
Total
$1,141.65
Schedule
Sat, Nov 16, 2019

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 16 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Roosevelt, NY 11575 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
