# Work Order 16233756

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/16233756  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:28:25  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#16233756
On 11/21/2024
Fujifilm CX3240 Printer Service - Paper Jam Troubleshooting and Part Install (if necessary)
Company: Retail Imaging Management Group, Inc.
	
Time Logged
1.53 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$83.33
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
FX3 PSC Group
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: Retail Imaging Management Group, Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (3699)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Printer
Additional Types of Work:
Copier
Service Type:
Repair
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Service Description

IMPORTANT: You are representing Fujifilm and are to conduct business as a Fujifilm technician. Please do not mention Field Nation Platform, Retail Imaging or discuss pay arrangements with the staff. Any questions regarding the assignment are to be discussed with Admin Support via ***** ******** **.

DESCRIPTION: Perform service on a Fujifilm CX3240 printer (xerography). This could include maintenance, troubleshooting and parts replacement.

The service must take place between 9 am and 6 pm local time, if parts have shipped your arrival should be coordinated after the parts have arrived. Any parts that were unused will need to be returned. You will need to list what parts are being returned and provide the tracking number information.

If the issue was resolved, test prints must be provided showing the printer is working correctly and with good quality.

Walgreens Tray Settings and 4 Tray Test https://fx3.training.rimg.net/shared/start/key:ZAODNHRK

Problem Reported: Continuously jamming. When onsite call our Support Team for a full troubleshooting walkthrough prior to installing any parts. 

IMPORTANT!: Verify that parts are delivered via the tracking # before arriving at location. 

Parts Shipped:  

W16821389: MAINTENANCE KIT BELT UNIT (16821389)
W16821365: FUSING UNIT CX3240 (16821365)
W16821377: 2ND BTR TRANSFER ROLLER CX3240(16821377)
019K1792X: HOLDER ASSY SEPARATOR MSI

****Tracking will be updated once we receive it from shipper.***

JOB SCOPE:

Within 24 hours of the visit contact the location to notify them of your ETA.
Review the Work Order support documents before arriving onsite.
Prior to going onsite print a copy of the Badge ID document attached to this work order to bring with you.
Check in with the Manager on Duty. Inform them you are representing Fujifilm performing service in the Photo Center on the Fujifilm CX3240 printer.
Confirm with the (MOD) or Photo Center operator the problem occurring.
Confirm if any parts were sent in advance for troubleshooting.
Contact the support team at ***** ******** to confirm the troubleshooting steps needed to diagnose the issue.
After completing the service perform 30 test prints to verify the printer is fully functional with at least one print from each paper tray.
If parts or supplies are needed contact the support team at 866-446-5759 to place an order and provide any images of damaged parts.
If any parts are replaced or unused, complete the RA return form, take a picture of the form for uploading, package them up with the form, affix the return label, take a picture of the return label for uploading, and provide the package to the (MOD).
If the used parts did not come with a shipping label for return, it can be left onsite for disposal.
Complete the work order, checkout with the (MOD) and get their signature.
If this is a Walmart location, you will need to go to the customer service desk and sign out of the vendor log.

LICENCES/CERTIFICATIONS/CHECKS REQUIRED:

Background Check with No Warrants

TOOLS/SUPPLIES REQUIRED:

Fujifilm CX3240 Support Documents (Attached to Work Order)
Screwdriver Set (#1 and #2 Phillips)
Pliers
Gloves
Microfiber Cleaning Cloth
Basic Tool Kit
Parts (located at the store)
Printed Badge ID (document attached to Work Order)

DRESS CODE:

Business casual (collar or plain shirt no logos or advertisement, clean work pants or dark jeans with no holes and closed toe shoes).

DELIVERABLES REQUIRED:

Work Order Completed and Signed by Store Manager on Duty

ESCALATIONS:

If the job goes beyond 2 hours you must contact the work order manager for approval to continue. Hourly Rate over 2 hours will be at 50.00 hour.
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 11/18/2024 at 2:08 PM(EDT)
Print a copy of the Badge ID document attached to this work order to bring with you onsite.
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 5:12 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in with the Manager on Duty. Inform them you are representing Fujifilm performing service in the Photo Center on the Fujifilm CX3240 printer.
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 5:58 PM(EDT)
Confirm with the (MOD) or Photo Center operator the problem occurring and confirm if any parts were sent in advance for troubleshooting.
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 5:58 PM(EDT)
Contact the support team at 866-446-5759 to confirm the troubleshooting steps needed to diagnose the issue.
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 5:58 PM(EDT)
After completing the service perform 30 test prints to verify the printer is fully functional with at least one print from each paper tray. Video Link: Walgreens Tray Settings and 4 Tray Test http://fx3.training.rimg.net/shared/start/key:ZAODNHRK
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 5:58 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Completed test prints.
View Photo
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:21 PM(EDT)
If parts or supplies are needed contact the support team at 866-446-5759 to place an order and provide any images of damaged parts.
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:36 PM(EDT)
Parts Return: take a picture of the form for uploading, package items in original box with the form, affix the return label, write CS# on OUTSIDE of box, take a picture of the return label for uploading, and provide the package to the (MOD).
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:39 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Parts Return RA Form
View Photo
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:40 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of FedEx Parts Return Label
View Photo
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:43 PM(EDT)
Complete the work order, checkout with the (MOD) and get their signature.
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:43 PM(EDT)
Collect signature from Manager On Duty
View Signature
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
paper jam removed and 2nd BTR resei was able to return printer to fill functionality
Completed by you on 11/19/2024 at 6:45 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
General

Client Approval of Work Performed (Retail)*Refers to the manager on duty (MOD) who confirmed the work performed.
Karla Kelley
Time Log
1.53 Total hours
1.53 hours
11/19/2024 at 5:12 PM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
11/19/2024 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/19/2024 at 5:12 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Completed test prints. (1)
IMG_20241119182029939.jpg(73.22 KB)
11/19/2024 at 6:21 PM
Approved on 11/21/2024 at 5:12 PM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Parts Return RA Form (1)
IMG_20241119183949733.jpg(92.34 KB)
11/19/2024 at 6:40 PM
Approved on 11/21/2024 at 5:12 PM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
FedEx Parts Return Label (1)
IMG_20241119184255969.jpg(129 KB)
11/19/2024 at 6:43 PM
Approved on 11/21/2024 at 5:12 PM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
FedEx
281952852673
Shipping to site
Delivered Nov 19, 2024
Description: parts
Added by Preselah Seymore
Add Shipment
Signatures
Karla Kelley Signature
Collected on 11/19/2024 at 6:44 PM(EDT)
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$100.00
Pay Amount
$100.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
2
Service Charges3
$16.40
Taxes1
$0.27
Sum
Work Order Cost
$100.00
Total Service Charges
$16.40
Taxes
$0.27
Total
$83.33
Schedule
Tue, Nov 19, 2024

Arrive at 5:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
SOUTH BURLINGTON, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
