# Work Order 6553123

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6553123  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:42:37  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6553123
On 5/21/2019
Provide Service for Desktop PC
Company: Gurus2go
	
Time Logged
2.08 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$64.57
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Nefi Sosa
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: Gurus2go
Overall satisfaction:
 (14779)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Other
Service Description




Task:

Tech needed on site to perform HDD installation and reloading windows 10 on two separate computers. Once Windows 10 has installed on the first HDD you can move to the next computer and work simultaneously. .
We need to also install Kaseya Agent Software.
Please call POC Carl Nolan after checking in with Gurus2Go when you arrive on site.

Site will have a Windows 10 image available on a USB drive. The Kaseya Agent will be placed on the USB as well; no credentials required for install.




Once tech confirms and accepts assignment, theyMUST adhere to all tasks / processes outlined in this Work Order ... WITHOUT EXCEPTION!!




DRESS CODE:

Business casual attire required ... NO jeans, t-shirts, shorts, shirts with Logos etc.




TOOLS REQUIRED:

Basic PC Toolkit
Laptop
Networking Tools
View Less
Standard Instructions
 
Policies & Procedures
SERVICE PROVIDER AGREEMENT

Gurus2Go agrees to pay Subcontractor within thirty (30) days of receipt of all deliverables

This Service Subcontract Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between Gurus2Go, L.L.C., (hereinafter referred t
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/13/2019 at 3:18 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/15/2019 at 12:37 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/15/2019 at 1:08 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I arrived onsite and was greeted by Carl.
I was directed to two machines.
The first one was unusable. The motherboard and/or the power supply has a short.
I was given another machine to install windows 10 and installed.
The first machine also received the Keseya software.
I gave the IP address to Andrew and he connected.

I installed the second machine and set the BIOS to UEFI.
Windows 10 installed and I also installed the Kaseya software.
I gave the IP to Andrew and he connected.
I was released by Andrew and my work order was signed by Carl.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/15/2019 at 5:28 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.08 Total hours
2.08 hours
5/15/2019 at 11:03 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
5/15/2019 at 1:08 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/15/2019 at 12:37 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
IMAG0078.jpg(957.98 KB)
5/15/2019 at 5:34 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMAG0077.jpg(739.44 KB)
5/15/2019 at 5:34 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$72.80
Rate
$35.00
Hours
2.08 Logged / 4 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$8.23
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$72.80
Total Service Charges
$8.23
Total
$64.57
Schedule
Wed, May 15, 2019

Arrive at 11:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10014 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
