# Work Order 1098198

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1098198  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:09:30  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1098198
On 11/7/2014
Replace the scanner scale in Reg # 5
Company: xoxoxoVisionary Technology Solutions
	
Time Logged
3.5 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$194.47
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Andre De Leon
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: xoxoxoVisionary Technology Solutions
Overall satisfaction:
 (777)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

FE must replace the Magellan 8504 scanner scale in Reg # 5, then ensure that the scale technician has no problems with the calibrating it, soon after

FE must represent self as technician for: Tolt

FE must provide the serial #'s of the defective parts and replacement parts used, to Viz Tech

FE must ship back the defective parts to Viz Tech.

FE must call Viz Tech HD, 866 483 7877, to check in and to close out the WO. FE must print out the Viz Tech sign-off sheet, and have it filled out by the customer after WO completion

FE can't be paid for this WO unless the sign off sheet has been completed. FE must email the sign off sheet to andre.deleon@viztech.com and attach it to the WO

View Less
Standard Instructions
FIELD ENGINEER GUIDELINES

It is the responsibility of the FE to review these guidelines before arriving at any customer site to perform service. Be aware that failure to follow these guidelines may result in delay or denial of payment.

ALWAYS

1.       Commit to the service event if you accept the dispatch. VizTECH is under contract to meet Service Level Commitments on each service event.  If you cannot meet your scheduled ETA, contact the VizTECH Technical Account Manager (TAM) immediately so we can secure another FE. Causing VizTECH to miss its Service Level Commitments with a client can cost you future business with VizTECH.
 
Our Support Phone number is 8
View More
Policies & Procedures
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT 

This Independent Contractor Agreement ("Agreement") is entered between VizTECH (formerly TechForce) LLC d.b.a. VizTECH (formerly TechForce) ("VizTECH (formerly TechForce)"), a Georgia limited liability corporation, having its p
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/31/2014 at 10:59 AM(HST)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/3/2014 at 7:17 AM(HST)
Enter closeout notes
arrived onsite
located new scanner/scale
called into support, confirmed need to verify configuration before powering down

replaced unit, hand held was not
attempted to use barcodes
resolution not sharp enough
printed out new barcodes
unit appeared to be scanning

Weights and Measures arrived and started to calibrate. He arrived early.
Unit was not completed, he will return this afternoon.

Reset scanner/scale unit with the help of the support line.
Disabled remote display
rebooted pos system and rebooted unit
Final attempt to weigh was a success.
unit scanned and weighed.
Cleaned the area, packed up old unit and had manager sign me out.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/3/2014 at 12:45 PM(HST)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/3/2014 at 12:40 PM(HST)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Time Log
3.5 Total hours
3.5 hours
11/3/2014 at 7:15 AM(HST)
0.06 miles from site
11/3/2014 at 10:45 AM(HST)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/3/2014 at 7:17 AM(HST)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
wo1098198(1).pdf(61.27 KB)
11/3/2014 at 12:46 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
UPS
1z8rv6639062457543
Shipping from site
Delivered Nov 10, 2014
Description: old scanner/scale
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$227.50
Rate
$65.00
Hours
3.5 Logged / 3.5 Max
Service Charges1
$22.75
Taxes1
$1.41
Sum
Work Order Cost
$227.50
Total Service Charges
$22.75
Taxes
$1.41
Total
$194.47
Schedule
Mon, Nov 3, 2014

Arrive at 7:00 AM (HST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
HONOLULU, HI 96816 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
