# Work Order 12282675

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12282675  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:05:25  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12282675
On 11/28/2022
OnQ BJ's Apple Table Retrofit
Company: 2020 Companies
	
Time Logged
5.43 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$137.82
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Marlene Planko
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: 2020 Companies
Overall satisfaction:
 (20103)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	General Tasks
Service Description

Retro fitting a display table. Job will require tools and the ability to follow detailed instructions.

Standard Instructions
Thank you for considering working for 2020 Companies.
 
Thank you in advance for your cooperation. If you have any questions please reach out to us.
 
IMPORTANT - Read the below key points and ensure you read SOW closely and carefully before requesting/accepting work order.

IMPORTANT – PLEASE READ:

You are accepting work on behalf of 2020 companies, advise store and support personnel accordingly during your visit.
Work Order MUST be submitted 24 hours post visit, if visit is not submitted in time a late penalty will be implemented (50% Late fee - 50% of visit pay)
</
View More
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-Failure to comply with the any of our policies and procedures listed below may res
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/2/2022 at 12:18 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/8/2022 at 2:44 PM(EDT)
Late
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/8/2022 at 4:41 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
BJs intentionally mis configured the table after 2020 called in to clarify our contracts. They then continued to accuse me of prostitution, yell at me accusing me of "servicing" men in the back, the second tech brought their partner and new born baby onsite, then management continued to harass and lie about the process of the table. They intentionally switched the top and middle rails of the already built table then proceeded to harass me the whole day. There was no reason that I could not build and complete my contracts other than BJs engaging is sex discrimination and interfering with the execution of my contract. Then they had the audacity to get upset when they found out that I was 50 and a 14 year veteran. They had informed their employees that I was much younger and onsite to engage in sex with straight men. One woman started to act out the motions of oral sex and said the I would be engaging in that "later on I the day". They accused me of homelessness when I am not and continued to say that because I am a woman, I am not capable of the work and I had to be a hooker because I was supposed to be a certain "kind of woman". One person walked over and said that I "think I am an IT tech" and wanted to mess with the assets being installed. The second tech continued to lie and misconfigure the table and became threatening when I called him out on lying about what he had done. BJs caused me to lose out on three more sites. I was building this table but stopped when it bacame apparent what they had done to the top and middle railing. The finished table could of had the middle rails put on when finished, we required space to work in and around the table. I will be filing a complaint and seeking damages.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/16/2022 at 8:08 AM(EDT)
Time Log
5.43 Total hours
0.34 hours
11/8/2022 at 4:20 PM(EDT)
0.1 miles from site
11/8/2022 at 4:41 PM(EDT)
0.11 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/8/2022 at 4:20 PM(EDT)
0.84 hours
11/8/2022 at 2:55 PM(EDT)
0.12 miles from site
11/8/2022 at 3:46 PM(EDT)
0.09 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/8/2022 at 2:55 PM(EDT)
4.25 hours
11/8/2022 at 10:30 AM(EDT)
0.11 miles from site
11/8/2022 at 2:45 PM(EDT)
0.11 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/8/2022 at 2:44 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$162.90
Rate
$30.00
Hours
5.43 Logged / 7 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$25.08
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$162.90
Total Service Charges
$25.08
Total
$137.82
Schedule
Tue, Nov 8, 2022

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EST)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 7 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Linden, NJ 07036 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
