# Work Order 1153826

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1153826  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:14:10  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1153826
On 12/30/2014
Site Survey - Santa Clara, CA
Company: AXA Professionals
	
Time Logged
11.17 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$201.06
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Girmen Rashad
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: AXA Professionals
327 Sheldon Avenue
Staten Island, NY 10312
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (13351)
Title: Site Survey - Santa Clara, CA
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

We need a non-technical resource to rip out old networking gear from a couple of IT racks in our old SC south office.  We've decommissioned the office and merged the users with the north SC office.  There is still 2-3 racks of network equipment.  We need someone to gut the racks and set the equipment aside for e-waste.  This does not need to be a technical resource.

 

Expect to be on site for about 4 - 8 hours.  This call pays an hourly rate of $20/hr.

Dress code is business casual, no sneakers and no Jeans.  Please do not bring FieldNation paperwork, only bring paperwork that will be emailed once the WO is assigned to you.
View Less
Standard Instructions
Pay is calculated as time working onsite. In most cases this does not include Lunches.


Bring a valid Government ID with you.


Please do not forget to upload your time sheet at the end of the assignment into you work order.
 

No Firearms Or Weapons Allowed Onsite
 
Dress Code: dress code is business casual, no sneakers no jeans and nothing with competitive logos on it



Please DO NOT bring FieldNation paperwork with you to the customer's site, only bring paperwork that will be emailed once the WO is assigned to y
View More
Policies & Procedures
No Firearms Or Weapons Allowed Onsite 
-Dress code is business casual (no jeans, holes in shoes, etc)
-Please do not mention FieldNation at all while onsite. Do not bring FieldNation paperwork with you only bring paperwork that will be emailed to you once the
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/18/2014 at 9:27 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/22/2014 at 4:34 PM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
Removed all assets from data room
All assets were removed.
I called in three times to verify what was to be removed, this included the patch panels, cable management and server racks.
This request was escalated to IXIA senior point of contact. They confirmed that all assets in data room was theirs and were to be taken down.
Left assets on the floor of the office as requested.
Stacked and ready for shipment.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/28/2014 at 3:07 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/23/2014 at 3:56 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
11.17 Total hours
3.17 hours
12/23/2014 at 8:50 AM(PDT)
0.14 miles from site
12/23/2014 at 12:00 PM(PDT)
0.24 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/23/2014 at 9:25 AM(PDT)
8 hours
12/22/2014 at 9:00 AM(PDT)
0.14 miles from site
12/22/2014 at 5:00 PM(PDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/22/2014 at 4:34 PM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
timesheet_template5.pdf(55.75 KB)
12/28/2014 at 3:08 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 4 days 
Learn more
Labor
$223.40
Rate
$20.00
Hours
11.17 Logged / 11.17...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges1
$22.34
Sum
Work Order Cost
$223.40
Total Service Charges
$22.34
Total
$201.06
Schedule
Mon, Dec 22, 2014

Arrive at 9:00 AM (PST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Santa Clara, CA 95054 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
