# Work Order 13669655

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/13669655  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:13:11  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#13669655
On 8/4/2023
Update customer phone with new credentials, in Short Hills, NJ 07078 PLEASE PRINT OUT AND RETURN ATTACHED WORK ORDER
Company: Marathon Deployment
	
Time Logged
0.92 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$75.69
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Randy Christman
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: Marathon Deployment
Overall satisfaction:
 (3038)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Restore
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description

Full SOW:

$45.00 per hour 2 hr min

tech will be paid total hours worked

Scope of work:     

Update customer phone with new credentials see attached sheet for credentials, the password on the sheet must be changed with on of the folks below

Call the following for call Bulgari IT for passwords an support Jim Angus ************

For any questions about additional equipment call Jim************.

- Please note that a 15% penalty will be applied to labor if technician assigned is more than 30 minutes late.




***NO CHECK IN PENALTY*** - Please note that a 15% penalty will be applied to labor if technician assigned does not check in with ******** ********** within 10 minutes of arrival onsite.

****FOR EVERYDAY THAT YOU ARE LATE WITH THE DELIVERABLE UPLOADS 10% WILL BE TAKEN OFF THIS WORK ORDER EACH DAY FOR 5 DAYS. AFTER 5 CALENDAR DAYS AN ADDITIONAL 75% WILL BE TAKEN OFF THIS WORK ORDER. AFTER 7 CALENDAR DAYS, THIS WORK ORDER WILL BE VOIDED AND YOU WILL NOT BE PAID. ALL DELIVERABLE MUST BE UPLOADED ON DAY WORK HAS BEEN COMPLETED ***




SPECIAL NOTES

**TECHS MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING IN ORDER FOR PAYMENT TO BE APPROVED**

COMPLETE LOG IN & LOG OUT THRU FN PORTAL & BY CONTACTING******** ********** VIA TEXT @************
COMPLETE TASKS WHILE ONSITE
UPLOAD CUSTOMER SIGNED SIGNOFF SHEET and CLOSE OUT WORK ORDER within 24Hrs of ticket completion to avoid a reduction of pay. 
UPLOAD PICTURE(S) OF WORK COMPLETED
View Less
Standard Instructions
1.    If call is aborted onsite a 50% reduction in pay will be assessed. 
2.    If call is cancelled within 24hrs of service, a flat payment of $30.00 will be paid out for all calls.
All required Deliverables MUST be returned within 24hrs of work completion or a 10% penalty per calendar day will be assessed.  If deliverables are not turned in within 5 calendar days then an additional 75% penalty will be assessed.  If deliverables are not returned within 7 calendar days, work WILL BE VOIDED and you will NOT BE PAID. 
We set the agreement with the tech assigned to this work order.  If a different tech is going to be sent to site, AND/OR you bring an assistant tech with you, YOU MUST NO
View More
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order

Independent Contractor Status.  Contractor on this work order expressly acknowledges and agrees that they (the Contractor
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/18/2023 at 2:39 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
Call Marathon Deployment @ 978-226-1171 to CHECK IN. Tech is to provide name, phone number, work order number, City, State, check in date and time. This MUST be done within 10 minutes of arriving onsite.
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 12:55 PM(EDT)
Technician must obtain a closing code from Marathon Deployment if support did not provide one to technician. This code must be written on work order AND in closing notes.
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 12:55 PM(EDT)
Call Marathon Deployment @ 978-226-1171 to CHECK OUT. Tech is to provide name, phone number, work order number, City, State, check out date and time, closing code if given one by support, and brief summary of what was done onsite.
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Marathon Deployment completed and signed work order. All fields on work order must be filled out completely and clearly. If work order is not completed properly work order will be marked incomplete and kicked back to you. If work order is not Marathon
View Photo
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 1:08 PM(EDT)
EXPENSES - Provider MUST add any and all expenses to Field Nation work order prior to marking work order complete. This can be done by clicking on the add expense button in the pay field. Any expenses not added to Field Nation by the tech will not be pa
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I arrived and reset three phones and assisted the IT contact for Bulgari in re-enrolling all three phones back into Teams.
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 12:59 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 7/25/2023 at 12:55 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.92 Total hours
0.92 hours
7/25/2023 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
0.13 miles from site
7/25/2023 at 12:55 PM(EDT)
0.12 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/25/2023 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Marathon Deployment completed and signed work order. All fields on work order must be filled out completely and clearly. If work order is not completed properly work order will be marked incomplete and kicked back to you. If work order is not Marathon (1)
1690304868495.jpg(204.59 KB)
7/25/2023 at 1:08 PM
Approved on 7/31/2023 at 1:20 PM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Work order page 1 with closing code.
Misc (2)
1690304089357.jpg(92.1 KB)
7/25/2023 at 12:55 PM
Approved on 7/31/2023 at 1:20 PM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Work order page 2
1690304062126.jpg(172.26 KB)
7/25/2023 at 12:54 PM
Approved on 7/31/2023 at 1:20 PM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Work order page 1
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$45.00
Rate
$45.00
Hours
0.92 Logged / 2 Max
Requested Pay Change Denied
$90.00
Additional Charges2
$45.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$14.31
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$90.00
Total Service Charges
$14.31
Total
$75.69
Schedule
Tue, Jul 25, 2023

Arrive at 12:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Short Hills,, NJ 07078 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
