# Work Order 9757106

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9757106  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:35:53  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9757106
On 6/9/2021
POS Uninstall/Reinstall - Tech 2
Project Name / Number: none
Company: Pomeroy
	
Time Logged
8.46 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$322.07
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Brian Mitchiner
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Pomeroy
Overall satisfaction:
 (84359)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Troubleshooting
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Provider Type	Is Business Provider
Service Description
Add Two Registers in a Wired Store
POS Technicians will test all the remaining registers for functionality.
The POS equipment includes: NCR dynakey, NCR Register PC, Verifone pinpad,Cash dra wer, Epson printer, UPS, Magellan scanner, etc.
There will be a cabling team, a construction team and a POS installation team on site. This work order is for the POS installation technician only.
Remote Support will be provided

Actions:

Tech should arrive on site in enough time to be inside the store, ready to work, at the scheduled start time. 
Check in with Remote Support
Remove POS equipment from the check stands
Wait for any construction and/or cabling to be completed by another party (Check stands will be replaced)
If a middle lane is removed, it may be necessary reinstall all lanes past the one that is removed so that register numbers follow.
Work with Remote Support to configure and test the lanes.
Take and submit photos and installation checklist as directed by remote support
Check out with Remote Support

Other Info:

Tech should bring Velcro for cable management (no zip ties), and a standard technician toolkit appropriate for this type of work.
Tech should bring masking tape and Sharpie to temporarily mark POS components with register number.
Photos will be required to be submitted during the course of the installation, and photo review and the installation checklist will be required prior to the tech team being released from site.
Tech must have printed copy of the POS Section of the installation documentation attached to this work order. Note that the documentation includes installation instructions for items other than the POS. The relevant pages are pages 6-10.
Tech will have a remote support resource for the duration of the installation.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Provider will introduce themself as a Pomeroy employee.

Must print out work order and be sure to get the user's signature for all calls.

Submit documents (signed paperwork) within 24 hours of completion of the service event.

Failure to follow these instructions
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/1/2021 at 12:26 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/7/2021 at 8:55 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of the required photos listed in the Installation Checklist
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/8/2021 at 5:21 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/8/2021 at 5:23 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Install of two registers
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/8/2021 at 5:22 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Project Name / Number*ALL WORK ORDERS MUST HAVE THE PROPER PROJECT NAME / NUMBER
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
8.46 Total hours
0.01 hours
6/8/2021 at 5:22 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
6/8/2021 at 5:23 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/8/2021 at 5:23 AM(EDT)
8.45 hours
6/7/2021 at 8:55 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
6/8/2021 at 5:22 AM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/7/2021 at 8:55 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
the required photos listed in the Installation Checklist (1)
IMG_20210608_052053492.jpg(3.31 MB)
6/8/2021 at 5:21 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$380.70
Rate
$45.00
Hours
8.46 Logged / 10 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$58.63
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$380.70
Total Service Charges
$58.63
Total
$322.07
Schedule
Mon, Jun 7, 2021

Arrive at 9:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Westwood, NJ 07675 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
