# Work Order 1383469

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1383469  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:29:59  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1383469
On 7/3/2015
Memory and Hard Drive Swap IBM Point Of Sale
Special Note to Tech: none
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
	
Time Logged
1.85 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$88.70
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Ricardo Macias
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (63400)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Check in and out with DataMax using the Platform check-in and out tools.  Be sure to ALSO call the help desk before you leave site to let them know you are finished and that they can finish the configuration process once you depart.

You will be swapping the Hard Drive (HDD) on each Register and also upgrading the Memory on each Register as well.  YOU MUST POWER DOWN AND UNPLUG THE REGISTER BEFORE SWAPPING THE INTERNAL COMPONENTS!

Once the unit is powered down, the HDD swap should be straight forward, the machines are screwsless in design so it takes less then 5 minutes to swappout the HDD and memory.

Remember to blow out the memory slots before placing the memory in the slots.


The memory upgrade will be adding and/or transferring memory from one machine to another.  Main idea is to ensure all registers have 2GBs of memory with Register #1 having (1) 2GB stick and the others may have a mix of (1) 2GB stick or (2) 1GB sticks - more detailed info will follow once you arrive onsite and review what was shipped, as this information is not yet available.


TOOLS NEEDED: Can of Air and Basic PC Tool Kit


Left over items can be left onsite, but you will need to box them up and apply any return label that MAY have been provided.

Have the manager sign-off on your printed work order and upload this onto the platform.


Special Note:
If needing to re-arrange registers because they are out of order, DO NOT power all the registers down at once.  No more than 2 or 3 registers should be down at a time. At the very least, get the reg closest to the door up and running before powering down the others.

View Less
Standard Instructions
You must submit your work order for completion within 24 hours of completing the scope of work and include all required deliverables. Non-compliance to this requirement may result in Work Order cancellation and/or non-payment.

Amidst the efforts to control the spread of contagious illnesses, we are concerned for your health as well as those of your loved ones and our customers. In an effort to promote that we ask that you all take the following steps at a minimum.
 

Practice proper Social Distancing, as directed by the CDC.  
PRINT YOUR WORK ORDERS SIGNATURE PAGE, as On-Site Contact may not be comfortable signing your phone/tablet.
View More
Policies & Procedures
Material Reimbursement: 
Standard blue or gray cabling is reimbursed at:

up to $0.27 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for CAT5e Plenum
up to $0.33 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for Cat6 Plenum
up
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/27/2015 at 8:41 AM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/1/2015 at 10:03 AM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
installed on register 2 3 4 5 hard drives and RAM.
no issues on site
remote support completed their configurations
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/2/2015 at 8:54 AM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/1/2015 at 11:53 AM(PDT)
Collect signature from Store Manager
View Signature
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/2/2015 at 8:56 AM(PDT)
Upload file of Signed Work Order
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/2/2015 at 8:55 AM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Special Note to TechBe Clear and Concise!
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.85 Total hours
1.85 hours
7/1/2015 at 10:03 AM(PDT)
0.79 miles from site
7/1/2015 at 11:54 AM(PDT)
0.89 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/1/2015 at 10:03 AM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Signed Work Order (4)
1383469-Signed Work Order-2005373.jpg(882.6 KB)
7/2/2015 at 8:56 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
1383469-Signed Work Order-2005373.jpg(844.32 KB)
7/2/2015 at 8:56 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
1383469-Signed Work Order-2005373.jpg(882.68 KB)
7/2/2015 at 8:55 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
1383469-Signed Work Order-2005373.jpg(932.6 KB)
7/2/2015 at 8:55 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
on work order uploaded Signature
Collected on 7/2/2015 at 8:56 AM(PDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$100.00
Pay Amount
$100.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$11.30
Sum
Work Order Cost
$100.00
Total Service Charges
$11.30
Total
$88.70
Schedule
Wed, Jul 1, 2015

Arrive at 10:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Tacoma, WA 98409 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
