# Work Order 9032715

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9032715  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:16:18  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9032715
On 12/11/2020
disconnect / re-connect activity with movers handling the relocation of the equipment.
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
5.63 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$139.52
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Heather McAllister
	
Company Ratings 
PIVITAL ID: 8067
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Drug Test	Must have passed a drug test
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

SOW

BB&T has a project scheduled on 12/04 starting at Noon for a move of 3 workstations from 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 27th Floor to 711 5th Ave, NY 6th floor in New York, NY. This will be a disconnect / re-connect activity with movers handling the relocation of the equipment. The tech will need to disconnect the 3 workstations and then reassemble them at the new address. 

CompuCom is requesting 1 technician to complete this work

*Please have a basic screw driver set

*Should be able to lift and move up to 40lbs

*Please follow the mandatory business casual dress code (no jeans, t-shirts, sneakers, or hats)

*Please lower your cell phone alerts to vibrate only, and note headphones are not allowed

*Please communicate professionally and remain courteous on all interactions

*Please carry some form of identification or CompuCom badge

*Please arrive on time and prepared for work no later than times requested




***********WORK ORDER MUST BE CLOSED BEFORE LEAVING SITE OR YOU WILL INCUR PENALITIES!***************










PLEASE CALL  CompuCom Tech Line @ +1 888-372-7813 Option 5 TO FIND OUT IF PARTS WERE SENT TO SITE AND FOR TRACKING NUMBERS FOR PARTS 







YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PARTS RETURN (NO PAYMENT UNTIL TRACKING) IF MOD DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO TAKE MUST HAVE MOD NAME AND SIGNATURE ON SIGN-OFF WITH DETAILS IN THE NOTES







MUST HAVE PHOTO OF RETURN TRACKING LABEL FOR PARTS SENT TO SITE

MUST HAVE UPLOADED DELIVERABLE DOCUMENT







"Do Not Post Any Customer Photos On Social Media"




"Please make sure that closing notes are detailed, professional and customer friendly"










CREDENTIALS REQUIRED:




• Minimum 1-2 years of related work experience, high school diploma, or technical training, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience. 




• A+ certification or equivalent experience.




• Current comprehensive background check and drug test.










TOOLS REQUIRED:




• Smart Phone (fully charged with voice/data/camera/Field Solutions app)




• Laptop




• Basic PC/Standard Toolkit




• Copy of FS Work Order and any Technical Documents (attached under FS WIN “documents/parts” section of FS website or FS app)




• Photo ID/Driver License










GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:




• Good hygiene, as well as a professional and clean appearance

(dress code is “business casual”). 




• No helpers of any kind are allowed without prior consent.




• Carry a photo ID/driver license while on-site.




• Do not ask a customer for tools or assistance.




• Arrive with tools and supplies needed to complete the work.

View Less
Standard Instructions
-Tech must contact Pivital to check in and check out real-time. Failure to do so will result in Non payment

-Deliverables are due within 6 hours of tech marking offsite.
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL.  Do not promote any
View More
Tasks
Prep
You must watch attached video--How to Represent Yourself for Compucom Systems March - FINAL.mp4
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/3/2020 at 1:50 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/3/2020 at 1:17 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/4/2020 at 11:55 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Return shipping label
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/4/2020 at 5:28 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Completed Compucom Sign Off Sheet
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/4/2020 at 5:32 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/4/2020 at 5:33 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Monitors from 6th Ave were on arms. The PM Olivia gave the go ahead to use monitors at 5th Ave. She found two arms but without protecting the cherry desk, I thought best not to install unapproved monitor arms.
Three traders were relocated. One brought her dock and keyboard home, one had a tower and the POC, Bailey had a laptop. Installed what was present. Sent pictures to Bailey Nd Olivia. Placed uninstalled assets on cart and informed the remaining employee, that I was finished for the day.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/4/2020 at 5:31 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
5.63 Total hours
5.63 hours
12/4/2020 at 11:55 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
12/4/2020 at 5:32 PM(EDT)
0.63 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/4/2020 at 11:55 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Return shipping label (1)
IMAGE-1762FDED71E.jpg(2.2 MB)
12/4/2020 at 5:28 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Completed Compucom Sign Off Sheet (1)
IMAGE-1762FE2DD50.jpg(2.44 MB)
12/4/2020 at 5:32 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (6)
IMAGE-1762FE26252.jpg(2.21 MB)
12/4/2020 at 5:32 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: completed sign off sheet
IMAGE-1762FDCEA36.jpg(1.48 MB)
12/4/2020 at 5:26 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: uninstalled assets
IMAGE-1762FD7B115.jpg(860.49 KB)
12/4/2020 at 5:21 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: staci coins desk. no dock no keyboard. at her home.
IMAGE-1762FD19B16.jpg(958.92 KB)
12/4/2020 at 5:14 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: mike scotts desk
IMAGE-1762FCEE9EA.jpg(893.21 KB)
12/4/2020 at 5:11 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: desk assignments
IMAGE-1762FCDF5C0.jpg(944.59 KB)
12/4/2020 at 5:10 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: sean bailey's desk
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$157.64
Rate
$28.00
Hours
5.63 Logged / 6 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$18.12
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$157.64
Total Service Charges
$18.12
Total
$139.52
Schedule
Fri, Dec 4, 2020

Arrive at 12:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 3 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10036 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
