# Work Order 12597751

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12597751  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:10:48  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12597751
On 12/17/2022
Install 2 Ring Central Phones At The Clinic
Company: Telco Holdings Inc
	
Time Logged
2.05 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$125.06
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Mike McAree
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Telco Holdings Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (3978)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Telecom / VOIP
Service Description

Call WOM when arriving, when leaving and any questions at 484-713-4843.

Upon arrival on-site, check-in with the front desk and introduce yourself and that you are with Thinc Forward to install 2 Cordless phones

You are onsite on behalf of John Weaver, ITBP: Eric Angelucci, also Clinical Director: Bridgette Sakar and Patient Coordinator: April Wernicke were emailed.

Be courteous and respectful of the environment, employees, and patients

Clean as you go, do not leave the clean-up at the end of the day.

Any challenges or issues, immediately reach out to your work order manager

Always check-in and check-out with your work order manager

Dress appropriately and wear a mask

Be mindful of your environment - language and comments.

Phones:

-         We will be installing 2 cordless phones, all VOIP.

o  1 cordless’ in the gym, plug WAP/Antenna in a port on the switch in the Data cabinet.

o  1 cordless’ in the OT area, plug WAP/Antenna in a port on the wall at the front desk area.

-         Once phones are set up tech is to:

o  Call WOM, he will get you to an engineer to test new phones.

o  Call main number of the clinic.

§ Make sure it rings on the new phones.

o  Make outbound call on new phones.

Old equipment:

-        There are 2 old cordless phones, they are to be shipped back to THI.

-        Ship to:

Jonathan Bromley

Ticket # 157263

C/O Telco Holdings, Inc.

1161 McDermott Drive

Suite 350

West Chester, PA 19380

General:

-         Tech is responsible for removing and disposing of all trash from the site.

-         Tech is to take pictures of all work. Close up shots and overall location shots

-         Before leaving make sure all equipment that was up when you arrived is up.

-         All equipment is to be shipped back the same day as the work is completed.

o  Get tracking number and send to JBromley@ThincForward.com

By accepting this project, you understand and agree it is required to have all the necessary tools & equipment to complete the job tasks detailed in the Statement of Work. If all work is not completed according to the SOW, a dispute will be submitted, and wages could be garnished.

1 Tech, 2 hours!!!

Parts needed to be shipped to site:

-         2, Cordless phone

 

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/8/2022 at 12:32 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/9/2022 at 8:57 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/9/2022 at 11:09 AM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Call to check in/out and for any technician questions or issues.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/9/2022 at 11:10 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Cordless phones installed. One desk phone on new system seated in dead port. I completed mild troubleshooting. I brought tools for the simple install and informed the client of possible continued troubleshooting. I can bring a jack next time and absorb more of the offices configuration. I chose not to remove any patch cables from the patch panel. I can finish troubleshooting when I return with the required tools for a jack replacement or port testing.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/9/2022 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.05 Total hours
2.05 hours
12/9/2022 at 8:57 AM(EDT)
0 miles from site
12/9/2022 at 11:00 AM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/9/2022 at 8:57 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
PXL_20221209_175456052.jpg(156.05 KB)
12/9/2022 at 12:55 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Ship from site
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$133.25
Rate
$130.00
First Hours
2
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$65.00
Additional Hour
0.05 Logged / 1 Max
Additional Charges1
$14.57
Service Charges2
$22.76
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$147.82
Total Service Charges
$22.76
Total
$125.06
Schedule
Fri, Dec 9, 2022

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Denville, NJ 07834 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
