# Work Order 1334000

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1334000  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:27:42  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Cancelled#1334000
On 5/11/2015
- TCS (The Container Store) Sever/Monitor/Desktop/ HDD install
Special Note to Tech: none
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
	
Schedule: Arrival Window
5/11/2015, 10:00 AM → 11:00 AM(PDT)
5/11/2015 at 10:00 AM(PDT) 
Estimated Duration: 1 hour
	
Bellevue, WA 98004 US
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Keith Barefield
Print
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (63400)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Need technician to site to install LP Desktop & Monitor


Less than an hours worth of work.

*Please be on time*  

Scope:
**Check in with the TCS Support Line and give the store location and store number**

Technician will :

Introduce him/herself to store MOD and explain reason for visit
Check in with the TCS Support Team, give the location and store #
Check in with Datamax
Locate the equipment to be installed & install
Neatly tie up PC cables with velcro ties
Deliverables:

Take pictures of the installed equipment
 & upload to FN as Deliverables
Signature of MOD confirming work was completed
Name of the TCS Support Team Member you checked in & out with
**See "Confidential Information" for TCS & Datamax contact numbers**
View Less
Standard Instructions
You must submit your work order for completion within 24 hours of completing the scope of work and include all required deliverables. Non-compliance to this requirement may result in Work Order cancellation and/or non-payment.

Amidst the efforts to control the spread of contagious illnesses, we are concerned for your health as well as those of your loved ones and our customers. In an effort to promote that we ask that you all take the following steps at a minimum.
 

Practice proper Social Distancing, as directed by the CDC.  
PRINT YOUR WORK ORDERS SIGNATURE PAGE, as On-Site Contact may not be comfortable signing your phone/tablet.
View More
Policies & Procedures
Material Reimbursement: 
Standard blue or gray cabling is reimbursed at:

up to $0.27 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for CAT5e Plenum
up to $0.33 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for Cat6 Plenum
up
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 11:03 AM(PDT)
Check in
Enter closeout notes
Check out
Upload/take photo of Pictures of the Newly installed equipment
Collect signature from On Site Manager Confirming work complete
Document the name of the TCS Support person who assisted &amp; released you from site in your closeout notes
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Special Note to TechBe Clear and Concise!
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
No time has been logged on this work order.
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Pictures of the Newly installed equipment (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
A cancellation fee has been applied.
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$55.00
Pay Amount
$55.00
Service Charges1
$3.00
Taxes1
$0.12
Sum
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
Total Service Charges
$3.00
Taxes
$0.12
Total
$25.71
Schedule
Mon, May 11, 2015

Arrive at 10:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Bellevue, WA 98004 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
