# Work Order 4855622

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4855622  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:14:27  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4855622
On 5/15/2018
Hard Drive and RAM replacement
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
	
Time Logged
7 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$181.83
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Gary Baugh
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (11626)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description
Total 12 registers. Tech will check in with the Command Center upon arrival to site to obtain Security code. Tech will check in with MOD and provide the site security code and ask for: keys to open the register cage, confirm all Register & peripherals are working, and locate installation kit with Hard drives and memory. Tech MUST READ and follow the New POS_ installation Procedures _Fujitsu found under the TJ Maxx CID to complete install. IMPORTANT!! Risk in not following instructions is blowing devices on the register. Tools needed are basic FE tool kit and vacuum. Lead tech will start with packing the training registers. Wait for the Command Center to Ok the install of the HDD's then start swapping Hard drives and memory in the store registers and tether the monitor USB Cable. Assist tech will assist the lead in swapping the hard drives and memory tether the monitor USB Cable. Lead tech will confirm all connections are correct before plugging in the power cable to any register. Lead tech will contact Rick East or Carmine Macri when complete and report site complete, Training registers, old HDD's, and Memory are packed and in Managers office waiting for pick up, and keys have been returned to Manager. Must have name of manager. If no answer leave voice message.
View Less
Standard Instructions
Ensure proper grounding with an ESD device when adding, replacing and/or removing internal components.

Prior to departing site submit your work order using the Field Nation Mobile App.  

The use of scissor lifts or other types of motorized lifts is not authorized.  If an appropriate sized ladder is not available contact FLS or the Project Manager immediately.





Policies & Procedures
All back outs, scheduling issues, arrival issues must be communicated by phone.

1.  Only the technician assigned to the work order is allowed onsite.  Payment will be denied if&nb
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/13/2018 at 1:48 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/14/2018 at 11:23 PM(EDT)
Lead tech will contact Rick East or Carmine Macri when complete and report site complete, Training registers, old HDD's, and Memory are packed and in Managers office waiting for pick up, and keys have been returned to Manager. Must have name of manager. I
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/15/2018 at 5:01 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/15/2018 at 4:51 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
swapped 12 registers. stayed until released by rod.


The Lead Tech called Rod; the admin assigned to the site and spoke with him about my leaving at 4 hours. He had me call Rod and Rod said that 4 hours was an estimate and I had to stay until all of the registers were operational. I stayed, finished up the 4 remaining registers and starting to pack up the training computers and then Rod released me from the site once he new the last piece of hardware was operational . I have to be at my day job at 9 am. I was not asking to stay longer, I was told I had to stay and help.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/15/2018 at 4:54 AM(EDT)
Time Log
7 Total hours
7 hours
5/14/2018 at 10:00 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
5/15/2018 at 5:00 AM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/14/2018 at 11:23 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 1 day 
Learn more
Labor
$115.00
Pay Amount
$115.00
Requested Pay Change Denied
$215.00
Additional Charges1
$90.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$23.17
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$205.00
Total Service Charges
$23.17
Total
$181.83
Schedule
Mon, May 14, 2018

Arrive at 10:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Brooklyn, NY 11209 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
