# Work Order 15101829

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15101829  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:15:22  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15101829
On 5/3/2024
Recycler Preventative Maintenance Cleaning - 3 hr
Kiosk ID: BA-06078
Company: Kiosk Services Group
	
Time Logged
4.43 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$174.65
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
KSG Support
	
Company Ratings 
Kiosk Services Group ID: 35669
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Kiosk Services Group
Overall satisfaction:
 (24877)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Recruitment	Kiosk Services Group - Preventative Maintenance Recruitment Feb 2024
Type of work	General Tasks
Service Description

YOU MUST PRE-CERTIFY FOR THIS WORK ORDER THROUGH OUR OPEN RECRUITMENT PRIOR TO ASSIGNMENT

Kiosk Services Group (Formerly SurveyStudio)

SCOPE OF WORK

The purpose of this assignment is to perform routine Preventative Maintenance (PM) in the form of a general cleaning of Bank Note Recyclers (BNR) and Bulk Coin Recyclers (BCR) found in retail stores. These jobs are simple with easy-to-follow video instructions and don’t require any existing skills or knowledge of the recyclers (this is not breakfix).

Technicians are required to watch a prerequisite video (under 15 minutes) to become “pre-certified” as part of the recruitment process. After pre-certification, your first work order will require on-the-job training (OJT) in the form of remote support. After you successfully complete your first assignment you will be able to pick up as many jobs as you can accommodate in your schedule. 

You can access the recruitment here: https://app.fieldnation.com/recruitments/486 

Reference Guides and Instruction Manuals can be found here: ********************************




PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

The ability to lift a ‘bucket’ of coins up to 30-50 lbs, the ability to bend down and reach, and the ability to maneuver in tight spaces.




FEES

Our base fee is $120 for the first three hours. Outlier and remote locations are posted at a rate of $150 or $235 for the first three hours to cover travel costs. Additional hour(s) on site are paid at a rate of $40 per hour regardless of location.




SERVICE HOURS

Service schedules are pre-arranged between the kiosk manufacturer and the retail location. We cannot accept any counter-offers for adjustments to the service date or arrival time due to having no flexibility with the appointment.

Work order schedules are created with a 3-hr arrival window. You must arrive on site and begin work during the arrival window.

You must contact KSG immediately if you are running late or cannot make it to your same-day assignment. Technicians who repeatedly arrive late or cancel work orders with less than a 24 hr notice will be blocked from future assignments.




REMOTE SUPPORT

The fastest and most effective way to contact us is through Live Chat. You can start a conversation following this link, or by visiting our instruction manual website:

https://direct.lc.chat/17277198/

Kiosk Services Group Support can be reached at 720-370-2760. Kiosk Services Group's hours of operation are Mon-Fri 8am-5pm MST. Our Preventative Maintenance support team is available from 6am to 10pm EST. PM Support can be reached through live chat or by calling 720-370-2760 ext. 2. 




REQUIRED TOOLS

You are required to bring the following tools and materials with you to every work order.

Foam swabs
Microfiber cloths
Spray bottle with water
Plastic scraper tool
Screwdrivers: Phillips (#0, #1), Flathead, Torx (T20)
Needle nose pliers or a small wrench

The following tools are highly recommended to bring:

Shop Vac with blower (or electric duster)
N95 Dust Mask




DRESS CODE

Professionalism is of the utmost importance so technicians have a required dress code including a collared shirt, long pants, and closed-toe shoes. 

You will get dusty! We strongly recommend wearing a dark (navy blue/black) polo shirt or button-down work shirt (such as Carhartt, Dickies). Jeans are OK, please no rips or tears.




PREP

Review the Reference Guide for very valuable information. This includes preparation, helpful tips and tricks, and other FAQs.
Review the Instruction Manual for the machine you will be working on. All machines are accessible on the website, but to make this especially easy, we've provided the direct link to the kiosk you will be servicing in the buyer custom fields.
Set an ETA. This work order is a hard start. You must arrive no later than the scheduled start time. If you are running late, please call Kiosk Services Group immediately.

ONSITE

Arrive on site on time and in the approved dress code.
Check-in
Locate the store manager and inform them that you are here to perform Preventative Maintenance of their Revolution kiosk.
Take a photo of the machine's screen to capture the date/time and Kiosk ID.
Follow the on-screen videos to perform all cleaning tasks. Refer back to the Reference Guide and Instruction Manual as needed.
If you run into any issues on site, contact KSG.

CLOSE OUT

When finished, take a photo of the kiosk odometers (up to 3).
Enter detailed closing notes confirming that the task is complete. If you experienced any delays on site please make sure that this is included in your closing notes.
Make sure your time spent on site is accurate.
Check out when leaving the kiosk.




ESTIMATED TIME ON SITE

Most PM cleanings are expected to take 3 hours, but please allocate up to 4 hours in your schedule in case there are any delays. You are REQUIRED to call Kiosk Services Group at 720-370-2760 for approval if you anticipate the ticket taking longer than 4 hours to complete.

Warning: Time on site and GPS coordinates will be reviewed for accuracy. You could experience delays in payment approval if there are any questions or inaccuracies with your time logged on site, GPS coordinates, or for failure to upload requested deliverables, including closeout notes. Most work orders are approved for payment within 3 business days of completion.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Kiosk Services Group, Inc

Work Order Terms & Conditions

1. Acceptance and/or performance of this Work Order legally binds you to these terms & cond
View More
Tasks
Prep
Review the Reference Guide (linked in the service description) and the Instruction Manual specific to the machine you will be servicing (linked in the buyer custom fields).
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 9:36 AM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 6:50 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 10:00 AM(EDT)
On Site
Find the store manager and introduce yourself as a preventative maintenance technician for "Burroughs."
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 10:01 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of the machine's screen to capture the date/time and Kiosk ID.
View Photo
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 11:05 AM(EDT)
Once the PM is complete, confirm all Clean &amp; Maintenance Odometers are reset to zero.
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 12:10 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of the machine's screen to show the kiosk odometers have been reset after service (up to 3).
View Photo
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 3:17 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 3:26 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
the machine was super dirty.
i had to clean rollers and belts that were actually black and a heavy build up.
i had to call in to revolution support, which was because of my error, but my mistake was not detrimental to the operation of the machine.
I had to scroll through the videos again to capture an image. i am removing the 60 minutes it took to capture the last photo and breaks required.
Completed by you on 5/2/2024 at 4:02 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Kiosk IDKiosk ID
BA-06078
Provider Custom Fields
General

Name of Support Rep You Spoke WithWho did you speak with at Tech Support?
Anwar
Time Log
4.43 Total hours
4.43 hours
5/2/2024 at 10:00 AM(EDT)
0.22 miles from site
5/2/2024 at 2:26 PM(EDT)
0.29 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/2/2024 at 10:00 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
the machine's screen to capture the date/time and Kiosk ID. (1)
IMG_20240502_110002462.jpg(77.16 KB)
5/2/2024 at 11:05 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
the machine's screen to show the kiosk odometers have been reset after service (up to 3). (3)
1000000649.jpg(91.07 KB)
5/2/2024 at 3:31 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
1000000647.jpg(108.96 KB)
5/2/2024 at 3:20 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
1000000642.jpg(115.14 KB)
5/2/2024 at 3:16 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Bnr
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
William parmeter Signature
Collected on 5/2/2024 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$207.20
Rate
$150.00
First Hours
3
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$40.00
Additional Hours
1.43 Logged / 1.43 M...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$31.91
Taxes1
$0.64
Sum
Work Order Cost
$207.20
Total Service Charges
$31.91
Taxes
$0.64
Total
$174.65
Schedule
Thu, May 2, 2024

Arrive at 10:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 3 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Plattsburgh, NY 12901 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
