# Work Order 14188471

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/14188471  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:14:17  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#14188471
On 10/20/2023
New custom built computer setup
Company: Go InstaRepairs
	
Time Logged
1.79 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$50.76
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Marcie Rios
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Go InstaRepairs
Overall satisfaction:
 (54)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Setup
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Computer Repair Kit
Equipment	Basic repair tools
Service Description

JOB SPEC: Customer has purchased computer parts and is trying to put everything together himself. He has put all parts in place, but when powering on, the computer fans spin and nothing else turns on. Customer needs help putting everything apart and making sure that all parts and components are correctly placed in order to get the computer running. All parts are new.

Scope of Work:

Identify the issue customer is presenting with the computer
Computer should be opened to make sure that all components are properly placed onto motherboard
Check to make sure that the parts customer is using are compatible with motherboard
Assist customer in putting everything back together and get the computer running.
Make sure to answer any questions customer may have




View Less
Standard Instructions
Please ensure you introduce yourself as "I'm the technician on behalf of GoInsta Repairs"
Please call workorder manager to inform of an ETA when you are on your way
Remember to enter TIME IN upon arrival to the site and have the customer sign accordingly as well as the TIME OUT before leaving. This is to confirm that the customer agrees with your time onsite.
Ensure feedback and work completed are reported upon completion of appointment by contacting the work manager.
Take a photo or screenshots of the job when finished to ensure everything is left in working order.
The screenshots or pictures of the job done must be clear and uploaded to the FN platform.
Any parts required must be consulted with GoInsta Repairs, do not quote parts cos
View More
Policies & Procedures
Uploading blurry pictures or images will result in placing your payment on-hold until the customer confirms everything is in working order.
All payment approvals are submitted after the customer confirms your job was succesfully completed. (All clients will receive a quality call
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/12/2023 at 10:45 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 1:54 PM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Check out
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 3:42 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Upload pictures of the initial state of the device(s) to be worked on, upon arrival.
View Photo
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 2:13 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of If, any device is to be disassembled, upload pictures of the internal state before components are taken apart.
View Photo
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 3:03 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Upload pictures of your job, successfully completed, before leaving the site.
View Photo
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 3:46 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Collateral damage: Any collateral damage, as a result of disassembling a device, must be reported to the W.O. manager immediately, in order to find the best resolution.
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 3:48 PM(EDT)
Collect signature from customer upon arrival to have proof that they agree with your TIME IN
View Signature
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 3:49 PM(EDT)
Collect signature from customer upon finishing to have proof that they agree with TIME OUT
View Signature
Completed by you on 10/13/2023 at 3:49 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
The client had the incorrect RAM. Support documentation for the motherboard dictated a ram of DDR4 3600 if overclocked and other MHzs but not 3200. He also had the incorrect heatsink for the board, an old GPU that may of been shorted out and no protection from ESD. It is my opinion based on the disorder I witnessed in his work area that he more than likely shorted out the motherboard. He also put 4 times too much thermal paste on the CPU..
The custom computer could not be turned on nor troubleshooted with power because the client did not have the correct components to safely turn on the comouter. I instructed him to replace the RAM, replace the heatsink and power on without the GPU. Then if it turns on then try the graphics card. I reattached all of the components that were compliant and gave him the manual for the motherboard. Told him to check the BIOS version for the CPU and once in the correct BIOS, overclock and use the 3600, which is the fastest RAM compatible to the board.
Completed by you on 10/14/2023 at 11:40 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.79 Total hours
1.79 hours
10/13/2023 at 1:54 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
10/13/2023 at 3:42 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/13/2023 at 1:54 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Upload pictures of the initial state of the device(s) to be worked on, upon arrival. (1)
1697220764863.jpg(102.19 KB)
10/13/2023 at 2:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Before troubleshooting
If, any device is to be disassembled, upload pictures of the internal state before components are taken apart. (1)
1697223825910.jpg(70.85 KB)
10/13/2023 at 3:03 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Incorrect ram
Upload pictures of your job, successfully completed, before leaving the site. (1)
1697226364865.jpg(104.61 KB)
10/13/2023 at 3:46 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Completed
Misc (2)
IMG_20231013_140300227.jpg(91.69 KB)
10/13/2023 at 8:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20231013_140304078.jpg(115.57 KB)
10/13/2023 at 8:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Chalenson Signature
Collected on 10/13/2023 at 3:49 PM(EDT)
Chalenson Signature
Collected on 10/13/2023 at 3:49 PM(EDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$60.00
Pay Amount
$60.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1.5
Service Charges2
$9.24
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$60.00
Total Service Charges
$9.24
Total
$50.76
Schedule
Fri, Oct 13, 2023

Arrive at 2:00 PM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 1.5 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Newark, NJ 07106 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
