# Work Order 9325151

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9325151  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:23:02  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9325151
On 4/16/2021
2021 POS Refresh - S540NYCT2N3
Project Name / Number: none
Company: Pomeroy
	
Time Logged
6.23 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$236.20
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Brian Mitchiner
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Pomeroy
Overall satisfaction:
 (84359)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Provider Type	Is Business Provider
Service Description

This work order is part of a bundle. The bundle must be accepted in whole. Each site requires 2 visits, usually 1 week apart. This bundle may be for multiple locations on multiple nights.




The current model of POS Terminal that is installed is being upgraded throughout the enterprise with a newer model. This involves replacing the NCR 5954 Dynakey and NCR 7459 Terminal with the NCR XR7-7703 Touchscreen Terminal. Each store is scheduled to be upgraded with two visits to take place on successive weeks. You will replace approximately one-half of the lanes during the first visit and then replace the remaining lanes on the second visit. There will be a minimum of two technicians scheduled per site and each lane takes an average of one-hour to complete. The new NCR XR7-7703 Terminals will be pre-staged and will be configured and imaged specifically by store number, by lane number, and with local IP addressing. Once the NCR 5954 and NCR 7459 are removed from the lane and the NCR XR7-7703 is installed, the onsite technician should only need to power on the NCR XR7-7703 unit and move on to the next lane. The old equipment will be boxed up in dedicated packaging.




PRE-ARRIVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Review the scope of work in the work order prior to arrival
Review and print Installation Instructions. Other documents do not need to be printed as long as you have a device that will present them legibly while on-site.
Print the Work Installation Checklist 
Validate that you have all the required tools and batteries are charged




TOOL LIST

PHONE - Mobile with camera, internet access, and charger cable Camera must have sufficient room to take approximately 60 photos
Internet access will be required to email photos prior to being released from the site.
DRILL - Cordless Rechargeable Drill Charger and spare battery must be included
Phillips #2 Bit
Drill Bit, 3/16”
Bit Holder Extension 12”
HAND-TOOLS - Standard technician toolkit to include: Phillips #2 Screwdriver
Flat-Blade Screwdriver
Wire Cutters 
Box Cutter
Pen / Marker




ARRIVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Upon arriving at the store, contact the Pomeroy Remote Support bridge and check-in
Locate the store captain (or the next person in charge) and introduce yourself and explain what you will be doing.
Validate inventory of new equipment.
Identify which POS systems that you will be replacing
Verify with the captain that the register numbers on the work order match what is to be replaced.




INSTALLATION PROCEDURE

Locate the rear register Access Panel
Disconnect all the cables and straighten them out by removing any ties
Remove the NCR 7459 Terminal
Place the new pole mount over the existing access hole
Route the existing peripheral cables into the Display Pole
Attach the XR7 Touchscreen onto the display pole just installed.
Adjust the Touchscreen so that you can easily access the I/O ports and peripheral cables
Connect the peripheral cables for the scanner, printer, and signature capture pad to the XR7
Neatly tie up excess cable using the provided Velcro Cable Ties.
Power on the Terminal and close the Bottom Cable Cover on the XR7 Terminal
Call Pomeroy remote support to start the download to that register




TESTING PROCEDURE

Ask the captain to perform a penny test to verify the register is working properly.
Upon completion of the testing (successful or not) notify the Pomeroy Remote Support team







CLEANUP & DEPARTURE INSTRUCTIONS

Sweep up and remove any sawdust, trash or misc debris from the register
Locate and assemble the return shipping boxes and place the old Dynakeys and PCs in the boxes
Using your camera, take pictures of the completed work (details in the attached installation documentation) and email them to Pomeroy Remote Support
Gather your tools and checkout by calling Pomeroy Remote Support
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Provider will introduce themself as a Pomeroy employee.

Must print out work order and be sure to get the user's signature for all calls.

Submit documents (signed paperwork) within 24 hours of completion of the service event.

Failure to follow these instructions
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/14/2021 at 2:13 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2021 at 8:51 PM(EDT)
Complete work as detailed in the installation documentation
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2021 at 8:50 PM(EDT)
Complete Technician Check List
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2021 at 8:51 PM(EDT)
Send email to ******* regarding Email pictures to Pomeroy Remote Support. Specific picture requirements are detailed in the installation documentation
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2021 at 8:51 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/16/2021 at 4:20 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Installed 17-24. We were delayed because Sergio took over as lead and did not even know the procedures. Troubleshooting and testing were delayed. I am a 13 year veteran and have the process down. The whole evening was him actually treating me as if I was a inexperienced newbie and it was I who lacked the skills to complete the deployment. I would of finished faster by myself. I still trained him and answered all of his questions. The work comes first.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/16/2021 at 6:01 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Project Name / Number*ALL WORK ORDERS MUST HAVE THE PROPER PROJECT NAME / NUMBER
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
6.23 Total hours
6.05 hours
4/15/2021 at 9:17 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
4/16/2021 at 3:20 AM(EDT)
0.93 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2021 at 9:28 PM(EDT)
0.18 hours
4/15/2021 at 8:51 PM(EDT)
2.22 miles from site
4/15/2021 at 9:02 PM(EDT)
1.39 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2021 at 8:51 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$280.35
Rate
$45.00
Hours
6.23 Logged / 6.23 M...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$43.18
Taxes1
$0.97
Sum
Work Order Cost
$280.35
Total Service Charges
$43.18
Taxes
$0.97
Total
$236.20
Schedule
Thu, Apr 15, 2021

Arrive at 9:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10003 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
