# Work Order 6272951

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6272951  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:37:36  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6272951
On 3/29/2019
SET THE NETWORK SETTINGS OF THE BROTHER PRINTER TO DEFAULT AND SETUP IP
Ovation Ticket Number: none
Company: Logical Maintenance Solutions
	
Time Logged
1.37 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$66.52
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Brian Lourenco
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
11
Engagement
Overview
Company: Logical Maintenance Solutions
Overall satisfaction:
 (21462)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Quick Summary

Do not put on supports board. No Triage. Do Not call users. All communication goes back to Allied. Must provide Tech's full name once call is assigned. Tech must call Brent Baker 714-330-5116 or Samira Shaikh 310-431-2375 ext 2186 to check in onsite and prior to leaving site to checkout. Provide ADSL Dispatcher the ticket number and name of onsite client you are working with on. Call 800-277-4164 for technical assistance on hardware swap / 469.730.7937 or 469-730-7324 for network support.




Initial Notes: Please dispatch based on the information below: Service Date(s): 03/09/2019@ 09:00 AM CST Parts Required: No NONE. This is a diagnostics call only. Service Description: NA | STORE 8288 | Hardware issue - printer not working Please send a tech out to Set the network settings of the brother printer to default and setup IP settings again. The tech needs to call Network Support upon arrival. First Available Monday-Sunday 24/7: 469.730.7937 Second Available Monday – Friday Business Hours: 469.730.7995 Third Monday-Sunday 24/7: 650.243.0246 Service Now Ticket # 22595609 Priority: 3 Store Number: 8288 Address: 30 Mall West Dr. B64, City/ST: Jersey City, New Jersey, Zip: 7310 Fossil Contact Name: Manager Fossil Phone Number: (201)-927-9938





**REQUIRED**




- TECHNICIAN MUST VERIFY EQUIPMENT HAS BEEN DELIVERED BEFORE GOING TO SITE BY CONTACTING DISPATCH. Technicians will not be paid if they go to site without verifying equipment delivery.

- TECHNICIAN MUST TAKE AND COMPLETE INCIDENT CHECKLIST AND OBTAIN A SIGNATURE UPON COMPLETION. If you are unable to print the Incident Checklist before arriving to site please request that it be faxed to you.

- The INCIDENT CHECKLIST must be uploaded to Field Nation within 72 hours of work completion. If it is not uploaded, LMS will have to void this work order and send a different technician onsite to complete the paper work. 







Special Instructions for Technician: 

Represent yourself as ALLIED DIGITAL while onsite – NO EXCEPTIONS
Confirm documentation was provided by LMS Dispatch
Verify parts/equipment are onsite by contacting Dispatch at 800-240-8721 Option 1 BEFORE going to site.
Schedule an ETA with Dispatch before any trip to site
Call ALLIED DIGITAL at 714-330-5116 (alternate 310.431.2375 x2186) to Check IN. Provide Service Now Ticket # and name of onsite client you are working with
Call Fossil Support 650-243-0246 / 800-277-4164 for technical assistance on hardware swap. Call 469.730.7937 or 469-730-7995 for network support
Call ALLIED DIGITAL at 714-330-5116 (alternate 310.431.2375 x2186) to Check OUT. 
--- Provide Allied with closing notes, resolution onsite, and client onsite who validated onsite



TECH MUST BE GIVING UPDATES EVERY HOUR REAL-TIME TO LMS DISPATCH.  PLEASE BE SURE TO GET NAME OF REPRESENTATIVES FROM ALLIED AND FOSSIL SUPPORT. 




PLEASE NOTE:

The Fossil location may be under the name Watch Stations International or SKAGEN stores, and may possibly be a Kiosk.




Parts/Equipment and Return Instructions:

 Verify parts/equipment are onsite by contacting Dispatch at 800-240-8721 Option 1 BEFORE going to site.
Obtain Serial Numbers of Old and New Equipment
Do not use your own parts without approval. Contact Dispatch to ask for approval and note who you speak with. If you do not receive prior approval there may not be an opportunity for reimbursement.
 Techs are required to leave all equipment onsite with Manager. Old Equipment is to be placed back in shipping box and return label affixed.
Provide Return Tracking Numbers of any equipment and inform Dispatch that you are leaving equipment onsite.




All required paper work must be sent to Allied and be uploaded onto the portal within 72 of this call closing. If it is not sent/uploaded LMS will have to void the ticket and send a different technician onsite to complete the paper work.





Work Order Acceptance:


Do not Bid on Work order if you are not qualified to work on Equipment Mentioned.

If parts are ordered tech must verify parts have been delivered prior to scheduling an ETA.
Tech must notate the Model Number and Serial Number are correct before starting to work on device.

If the technician is unable to perform any work on the equipment then a reduced rate will be applied to cover the technician’s travel.





View Less
Policies & Procedures
Work orders are approved for payment, provided nothing needs correction, 7-10 days after marked complete. Signed work orders are required for every visit. SLI requests and appointment information must be entered as you are responsible for this information being correct. Tolls, parking and any other
View More
Tasks
Prep
TAKE and COMPLETE the Incident Checklist
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/9/2019 at 7:42 AM(EDT)
VERIFY equipment has been delivered by contacting Dispatch
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/8/2019 at 3:01 PM(EDT)
SCHEDULE an ETA with Dispatch BEFORE ANY visit
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/8/2019 at 3:00 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/8/2019 at 2:53 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/9/2019 at 8:59 AM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding (Alternate 310-431-2375 x2186) to Check IN with Allied Digital
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/10/2019 at 3:49 PM(EDT)
Call ******************* regarding to Check IN with Dispatch
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/9/2019 at 9:10 AM(EDT)
Follow work order instructions and call Fossil Support if needed
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/10/2019 at 3:38 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding (Alternate 310-431-2375 x2186) to Check OUT with Allied Digital
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/10/2019 at 3:38 PM(EDT)
Box up all parts, attach return label, and leave onsite with manager
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/10/2019 at 3:39 PM(EDT)
Call ******************* regarding to Check OUT with Dispatch
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/10/2019 at 3:39 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/9/2019 at 10:28 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
arrived at 9am, no one was onsite. waited until 945am and the opening manager arrived.
I checked the printer for functionality, called into Fossil network support; no one answered. I left voicemails at dispatch, allied and network support.
The printer was functional. There was only a vague mention of setting the IP and resetting the printer. The best way to troubleshoot is to change the static IP of the printer and switch to a different port. Since there was no one answering on the network support line; I reset the printer and gave the same IP address to the printer. It was the only possible troubleshooting processing when my arrival was scheduled before any tier 2 personnel were present.
The printer was functional after the reset.
The manager informed me that there was latency across the network when printing. There are three mappings on the back computer; "copy 1" was not working and the other two were functional. More than likely, employees are choosing "copy 1" then returnting and choosing the working mapped instances.
I informed the manager to only use the pushed mapping or the "redirected" instance. If the latency returns after this workaround then the store should open up another ticket.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/10/2019 at 3:47 PM(EDT)
Upload file of - Incident Checklist (Must meet Deliverables criteria)
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/10/2019 at 3:48 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Estimated Arrival Date



Ovation Ticket Number*Track It number
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.37 Total hours
0.31 hours
3/9/2019 at 10:02 AM(EDT)
1,361.36 miles from site
3/9/2019 at 10:21 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/9/2019 at 10:02 AM(EDT)
1.06 hours
3/9/2019 at 8:59 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
3/9/2019 at 10:02 AM(EDT)
1,361.36 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/9/2019 at 8:59 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
- Incident Checklist (Must meet Deliverables criteria) (2)
FOSSILSTORE8828.jpg(1.74 MB)
3/21/2019 at 11:30 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: CHECKLIST
IMG_20190310_1459476.jpg(2.74 MB)
3/10/2019 at 3:48 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (2)
IMG_20190310_1500365.jpg(2.75 MB)
3/10/2019 at 3:49 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: SUCCESSFUL PRINT
IMG_20190310_1500090.jpg(2.64 MB)
3/10/2019 at 3:49 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: PRINTER IP ADDRESS
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$75.00
Pay Amount
$75.00
Service Charges2
$8.48
Sum
Work Order Cost
$75.00
Total Service Charges
$8.48
Total
$66.52
Schedule
Sat, Mar 9, 2019

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
JERSEY CITY, NJ 07310 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
