# Work Order 1158338

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1158338  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:14:18  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1158338
On 12/26/2014
DELL OPTIPLEX 760 Point of Sale Install + test
Company: xoxoxoVisionary Technology Solutions
	
Time Logged
3.48 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$119.85
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jonathan Tumale
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: xoxoxoVisionary Technology Solutions
3445 Breckinridge Boulevard
Duluth, GA 30075
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (777)
Title: DELL OPTIPLEX 760 Point of Sale Install + test
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

PROBLEM DESCRIPTION                                         
PLEASE INSTALL NEW REGISTER AT LANE 2.
NEW SYSTEM IS BEING DELIVERED TOMORROW.
FEDEX TRACKING NUMBER: 585917213421      

Tech to call the Helpdesk first before doing anything. Helpdesk will give instructions if the HDD needs to be moved or not.
Tech to swap/install the POS.
Tech to attach the peripherals.
Tech to test the POS and the peripherals with the customer and Helpdesk.


REQUIREMENTS FOR THIS WO TO BE COMPLETED:
- SIGNED WO
- DRESS APPROPRIATELY - Business casual is expected
- BE PROFESSIONAL AT ALL TIMES!!!
- RUN IBM POS DIAGNOSTICS
- PART(s) RETURN (if applicable)

!!!TECH TO VERIFY MODEL AND SERIAL NUMBER BEFORE DOING ANYTHING!!!

PLEASE FOLLOW THE PROCEDURES BELOW:
!!!TECH  TO CALL 866 483 7877 TO CHECK IN AND BEFORE LEAVING THE SITE (HELPDESK NEEDS TO TALK TO THE CUSTOMER BEFORE THE TECH LEAVES THE SITE)!!!                                       

View Less
Standard Instructions
FIELD ENGINEER GUIDELINES

It is the responsibility of the FE to review these guidelines before arriving at any customer site to perform service. Be aware that failure to follow these guidelines may result in delay or denial of payment.

ALWAYS

1.       Commit to the service event if you accept the dispatch. VizTECH is under contract to meet Service Level Commitments on each service event.  If you cannot meet your scheduled ETA, contact the VizTECH Technical Account Manager (TAM) immediately so we can secure another FE. Causing VizTECH to miss its Service Level Commitments with a client can cost you future business with VizTECH.
 
Our Support Phone number is 8
View More
Policies & Procedures
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT 

This Independent Contractor Agreement ("Agreement") is entered between VizTECH (formerly TechForce) LLC d.b.a. VizTECH (formerly TechForce) ("VizTECH (formerly TechForce)"), a Georgia limited liability corporation, having its p
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/23/2014 at 9:57 AM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/23/2014 at 5:11 PM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
arrived and installed new dell optiplex
old machine had IDE motherboard and new one was SATA
new device would not boot because of faulty keyboard
store manager commented that they had to purchase faulty keyboard recently, within the past 6 months and the previous keyboard had issues also.
Old device may have been causing tyhe keyboard errors, so I kept new cpu installed.
Employee went to store and purchased new keyboard and mouse.
Installed and worked with Epicor to install drivers for touchscreen, configure IP address and credit card terminal.
Card reader issue required escalation so Epicor admin will configure AD with serial number of terminal to new CPU.
Left POS operational, except for terminal issues, beyond my ability to correct onsite.
Kyle from Epicor released me from site.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/25/2014 at 9:21 AM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/23/2014 at 9:22 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Time Log
3.48 Total hours
3.48 hours
12/23/2014 at 5:11 PM(PDT)
0.15 miles from site
12/23/2014 at 8:40 PM(PDT)
0.23 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/23/2014 at 5:11 PM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
wo1158338.pdf(62.3 KB)
12/25/2014 at 9:29 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$139.20
Rate
$60.00
First Hours
1.5
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$40.00
Additional Hours
1.98 Logged / 2 Max

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges1
$13.92
Sum
Work Order Cost
$139.20
Total Service Charges
$13.92
Total
$119.85
Schedule
Tue, Dec 23, 2014

Arrive at 5:00 PM (PST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
SANTA CLARA, CA 95050 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
