# Work Order 1314354

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1314354  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:26:53  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1314354
On 5/12/2015
Install 1 Retrofit, 2 Desktops, 1 Tablet (all dual monitor setups w/ docking station for tablet); configure existing printers/scanners ***VIP AGENT***
Company: Tech Data (Formerly Avnet, Inc)
	
Time Logged
9.3 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$143.48
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jessica Josephs
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Tech Data (Formerly Avnet, Inc)
Overall satisfaction:
 (4711)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

INSTALL GUIDE must be read first before going onsite
**ensure Do’s and Don’ts are followed – no exceptions**
Call in upon arrival  1-800-558-9400 - also call if running late
***DO NOT make any contact with the agent directly prior to onsite arrival.  All communications with agents must go through our call center.

Install 1 Retrofit, 2 Desktops, 1 Tablet (all dual monitor setups w/ docking station for tablet); configure existing printers/scanners (3 printers physically attached, 2 scanners
physically attached)***VIP AGENT***
 Shared Drives? VOIP phones


Set up each system
Transfer documents to each one
Create user accounts
Activate Office
Activate other software they have onsite

**At no time is any third party software to be installed/reinstalled.  Failure to comply may result in a financial penalty

**You are responsible to verify all attached peripherals: Print to local or networked printer.  Test scanner functionality and install any required software if required for scanner configuration.
 
Complete following verification steps:
1.         Reboot and allow all users to login with stated password. This includes the Agent Admin account and Built-in Admin on all PC's – Agent MUST sign in to each account.  (The Reboot also verifies BitLocker which could arise due to many changes during install)
2.         Confirm successful data migration.  (Has data been erroneously placed in sub-folders causing Agent to think the data hasn’t been migrated)
3.         Confirm ‘Favorites’ in Internet Explorer.
4.         Print to local or mapped printer.  Test scanner functionality.
5.         Verify mapped drives and folders if applicable. 
6.         Ensure replaced workstations have shortcuts restored.
7.         Open document to confirm registered MS Office.

Fill out COW
Call in to report job complete 1-800-558-9400 - will need confirmation # for payment
Fax both COW sheets to (480) 794-9990 within 24 hours of completion

**Rate includes all travel related expenses (fuel, tolls, etc) 

**If the agent is requesting any work to be done outside of the installation guide, please contact support at 800.558.9400 option 2

**Tech assigned on Field Nation must be primary tech onsite for the job or payment may be withheld.  Any exceptions must be approved by us first through the portal.

**Any scheduling changes must be made through the call center (800-558-9400 option 1).  No direct communication with the agent regarding scheduling is allowed and may result in payment being withheld

**Dial 1-800-558-9400 for any issues/questions when onsite or if running late

**Contact Avnet Tech Support for any prolonged troubleshooting (e.g. greater than10 minutes) and require assistance

**If the agent is requesting any work to be done outside of the installation guide please contact support at 1-800-558-9400 option 2.


No work can be performed without an agent onsite.  If you find yourself in this situation, please contact 1-800-558-9400 immediately

View Less
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Must be requesting Provider or have approval from Avnet in work order message
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:29 PM(PDT)
Collect signature from From yourself Confirming that you were assigned by Avnet to do this work order.
View Signature
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:29 PM(PDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/29/2015 at 2:17 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/6/2015 at 9:01 AM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
Installed two desktops, retrofitted one Surface Pro 2; this will be the Agents primary office computing device.
Agent requested that his desktop be removed and the tablet would use his existing monitors in a dual monitor setup
They were given several dp to vga adapters, which cannot work, only one display port is present on docking station and tablet has to be fully engaged in docking station to
utilize port.

Mr Gowin and Theresa will have an external graphics card installed on their docking station, the devices were ordered through amazon.
A revisit is in order to complete the retrofit setup and the replacement tablet install for each of them.

Printers for the two desktops were installed.
scanner was Theresa's and will be installed in the revisit.
Two additional docking stations have been requested for configuraton, basicly, just set up one time to verify functionality.
There was dual monitors within the work order, however, there were not monitors installed. Theresa stated that they were going to use their old monitors.
I can only install what is there and if an office says there are no new dual monitors, then there are no new dual monitors.

Agent name on work order is Willis Gowin, however, his is called Bill, his namplate on desk, business card and tablet name was BillTablet.
It may be what he prefers to be called, I do not know, but Theresa signed COC, he was on the phone and was unavailable.



location timestamps retained in work order.
called in and closed out
however, the data was not entered into the system and it was not closed on the backend.
I will refax COC if not received or it had been deleted from server.
I have completed approx. 12-13 of these work orders and have had active work orders since 3/2012. I do not just "forget" to check out if I am required to do so,
I have not acquired any recent damage to my ability to complete assignments correctly nor
would I just not want to receive compensation.
I have attached a screen shot of my call log that shows date and time stamp of my call to close out this ticket.
Confirmation number given by Anthony on 5/6/2015; 4223022
Confirmation number given by Dave on 5/7/2015; 1BJPH2V
Called in on the morning of 5/7/2015 to inform of revisit.
Called in after work order was completed and no answer, then the "office closure" notification was active.
Called in first thing in the morning.


Thank you
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:26 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 1, to log in upon arrival
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:29 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 2, for tech support or any questions about scope, etc.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:29 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 1, to close upon completion
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:29 PM(PDT)
include confirmation # from call center in cloose out notes before payment can be processed
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:29 PM(PDT)
Upload file of completed and signed COW form provided by Avnet
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/7/2015 at 12:28 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/6/2015 at 6:20 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
9.3 Total hours
9.3 hours
5/6/2015 at 9:02 AM(PDT)
0.03 miles from site
5/6/2015 at 6:20 PM(PDT)
2.84 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/6/2015 at 9:01 AM(PDT)
0 hours
5/6/2015 at 7:00 AM(PDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (3)
img_20150507_111722.jpg(590.97 KB)
5/7/2015 at 12:30 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20150507_111734.jpg(650.45 KB)
5/7/2015 at 12:30 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20150507_113840.jpg(964.17 KB)
5/7/2015 at 12:28 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
completed and signed COW form provided by Avnet (2)
img_20150507_103531.jpg(1.11 MB)
5/7/2015 at 12:28 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20150507_103539.jpg(1.07 MB)
5/7/2015 at 12:28 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Sadiqa Thornton Signature
Collected on 5/7/2015 at 12:29 PM(PDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 5 days 
Learn more
Labor
$170.00
Pay Amount
$170.00
Service Charges2
$19.21
Taxes1
$0.68
Sum
Work Order Cost
$170.00
Total Service Charges
$19.21
Taxes
$0.68
Total
$143.48
Schedule
Wed, May 6, 2015

Arrive at 9:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
KIRKLAND, WA 98034 US
Commercial
Notes:Site Contact: Theresa
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
