# Work Order 15941446

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15941446  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:26:18  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15941446
On 10/21/2024
TKT: 00056888 - 240927-TR0265
Company: Gaichu Managed Services
	
Time Logged
6.46 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$166.65
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Shahzain Sajjad
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
10
Engagement
Overview
Company: Gaichu Managed Services
Overall satisfaction:
 (8909)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Networking
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Professional Services
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description

SCOPE OF WORK:




Customer will call for vetting FE need to tells his experience and information after that we will send FE to attend site.




Fault Description:

Scope: Prestaging cisco 9500 and 9200 switches: Unboxing, powering on, providing remote access through console to our engineers, labelling switches, stacking them.




Tools

- Console Cable

- COM (DB9 male) to USB converter with compatible drivers for your OS

- Laptop with LAN port if LAN port is not in your laptop than USB to RJ45 ADAPTOR

- Patch Cable Cat 5/6e (Straight and Crossover)

- HyperTerminal files along with working HyperTerminal Connection

- TeamViewer installed on your Laptop

- Screw Driver set

- Cable Tester

Cable Maker










Important:

Tech should have Webex or Blue jeans in his laptop, so he can provide remote access.

Task Requirement: 

1- Faulty device needs to be carry with you after the task is completed

2- Customer will provide shipping label - the tech needs to drop off the device to the nearby courier place.

**** *************** ***

Tools Requirement:

·       Customer ID Badge (if required)

·       Mobile phone and charger

Windows Laptop with WIFI Access with admin rights.

·       TeamViewer, Cisco Webex, Microsoft Teams, Zoom, Blue jeans, Installed on your Laptop.

·       Console cable (DB9)     

Extra Ethernet Patch Cables (3 patch Cables 12 -15 ft. in length - Will be reimburse accordingly when it is used, Receipt must be shared)

·       Engineer to take a Cisco console cable CAB-CONSOLE (RH45-DB9 Female)

·       Installation Tools - Cage Nuts, Screws, Screwdriver.

·       Digital Camera

Terminal Server Emulator (Putty, Secure CRT) Standard CISCO Console Cable DB9 to RJ45 or USB to RJ45
USB Drivers if using USB connection RS232.
Mobile Hotspot for tethering
VELCRO Straps for rack cable management/patch cords
USB Flash drive (At least 32 or above GB)
Screwdriver Set (Phillips Set & Torx Set)

 

Terms & Conditions:

﻿·     Please remain professional demeanor while on site. Do not engage in any conversation with local site contacts or any staff members unrelated to work. Keep all conversations strictly work-related.

·     Engineer must carry a valid ID for access; access won't be granted without it.

·     Do not represent FIELDNATION on site unless specified, check with our support team for clarification.

·   Technician must stay onsite until task completion; leaving without Gaichu technical team's authorization results in no payment and task deemed Incomplete. IMPORTANT

·     Share onsite Time IN and Time Out with the technical team before leaving.

·     Rude behavior is not acceptable onsite and will lead to disciplinary action

·     Wear professional clothing for the task.

·    All tools mentioned in the work order must be taken to the site; if any tools reported to be missing while you are onsite, and work affected because of it will result in no payment.

·    Take all tools mentioned in the work order to the site; missing tools affecting work will result in no payment. IMPORTANT

·    Share all expenses (Travel, Gas, Parking & Toll) before accepting the Work Order. No additional expenses will be approved after the task.IMPORTANT

·    Do not bring unauthorized persons onsite without written confirmation; non-compliance will result in unpaid Work Order and be seen as a security breach.

·    Share receipts for materials purchased or used onsite for reimbursement; payment won't be authorized without relevant receipts.

·    Please take pictures before and after the execution of work.

·    Take Before andAfter pictures of the work execution.

·     Connect Console Cable or USB to DB9 Converter to laptop and share the Device Manager picture showingCOM PORT before starting the task to confirm proper driver installation.

·     Please see below the WhatsApp requirement for all future Field nation tasks:

Please install WhatsApp application in your smart phone and send WhatsApp message containing FN WO if you need any technical assistance and when you are onsite then reach out to below contact persons:

Kiran Arshad: +92 330 5000523

Mehreen Arshad: +92 330 5000522

Saad Amin: +92 318 5278825

Kashan Ul Haq: +92 347 9859366 




Please visit below links to install WhatsApp and to add WhatsApp contacts.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaRsRytz1NQ

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65IHJAgXIyY 




If you have any query regarding schedule or payment you need to reach out to below contact details:

Syeda Namal: +92 330 5000529

Hania Malik: +92 335 5235288

Safwan Sajjad: +92 336 5509218

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/30/2024 at 11:51 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 10/15/2024 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
On Time
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 10/15/2024 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
prestage complete
Completed by you on 10/15/2024 at 6:12 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
6.46 Total hours
6.46 hours
10/15/2024 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
10/15/2024 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
0.07 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/15/2024 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$200.00
Pay Amount
$200.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
8
Service Charges3
$32.80
Taxes1
$0.55
Sum
Work Order Cost
$200.00
Total Service Charges
$32.80
Taxes
$0.55
Total
$166.65
Schedule
Tue, Oct 15, 2024

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
South Burlington, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
