# Work Order 8819700

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/8819700  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:15:09  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#8819700
On 11/13/2020
On Site - Migration assistance needed for Help desk team to migration mobile devices for Exchange Migration project
Company: Synoptek
	
Time Logged
29.22 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$814.27
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Kory Johnson
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
22
Engagement
Overview
Company: Synoptek
Overall satisfaction: No rating yet 
New buyer!
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

This is a Monday through Friday 9am - 5pm EST 2 week commitment.

Technical resource needed to assist customer in Mobile Exchange Migration project.

Must have the following skill sets:

Must have MobileIron Cloud Administration experience
Must have experience with Active Directory Administration
Must have experience with Microsoft Exchange 2016 Admin Console
Nice to have - Experience troubleshooting utilizing MobileIron Sentry.
A positive attitude
Will be working with VIP's
Have Background Check and Drug Test Badge in profile.

Will be provided a laptop and all equipment needed once onsite.

Training will be provided for steps below.

The following are the required steps to migrate a user from exchange 2010 to exchange 2016 for mobile devices. Detailed steps will be provided once onsite.

 Changes in the old Active Directory environment
Changes in the new Active Directory environment
Changes in MobileIron.
Log into the Exchange Admin center
Contact the user
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/16/2020 at 12:20 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2020 at 8:44 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/26/2020 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Tuesday
I did not receive my laptop until 4:30pm.
I was given the new Razr and was put through some "poll tax" test to see if I had knowledge of mobile devices.
I was not able to view, review or complete a migration. I asked for a iPhone to see the workflow required for the migration and Dan refused.
Since I did not have access to Mobileiron, Dan only completed a tiny portion of the process. Again, I could not complete any preparation for the migration because I was not given access and the ability to do so. I guess I was supposed to walk in and know their processes and configuration of their devices beforehand. There is having experience and their is providing the information and time to learn an enterprise. I was denied the time to learn and understand their topology.
Todd Wojck, Dan Ramos and Mike Corbo were involved in giving me the Razr.
Wednesday
I arrived early
It seemed as if I caught them by surprise.
Dan and Mike were in the conference room.
There were other technicians who arrived and were their to help.
We moved into an office with several cubicles and time was wasted to get set up for the migration. I did not have access to the user list on sharepoint. I asked for the list the day before and Dan and Mike were editing the list Tuesday afternoon when I was leaving. Dan lied twice stating that I was granted access to the sharepoint sheet during the day. He kept badgering me to update real time when, I did not have access and he knew this, and multiple people cannot edit.
So the migration started and he and Mike were limiting my ability to complete the work and then demanding that I complete which was inaccessible to me.
I had not bioreference phone or iPad to work with but I was supposed to know the end user experience and walk users through on the other side.
There were several steps in the migration presented to me that did not add up.
The other techs just ran around to users and returning. I was denied access to the work I was assigned to and then they were allegedly completing the work and then saying I was a horrible tech for not completing the work.
So, I am handicapped in my ability to complete the migration.

This portion of the migration was labeled "XComm" and John Mooney was present for the day. Mike Corbo kept asking me to "go for a walk". Like I was supposed to stop working and go off with him to some unknown location in the building. I am sure it was to the so called "executive conference room". It was harassment I have seen before. I am supposed to be a prostitute, so I am supposed to be open to the phrase "go take a walk" as a symbol of his willingness to solicit me for sex.
There were some men who looked liked janitors in the room who were waiting for something to happen in the room we were in, one called himself "john", then changed it to "Jordan".
Mike also kept bringing up pornography. He lied to me and said that he was fired from a job for having porn on his corporate laptop and kept randomly yelling out "porn". He also told some bullcrap story about some executive who was fired for having child pornography who was placed in a black car and whisked away. This was in tandom to his Tourette Syndrome like statements all day of saying porn and asking me to go for a walk.
He said that he was on site for months, but had no permanent desk, but had his laptop and his badge and his access for the project. It presented as he just arrived a few days prior, was given all the tools I should of had for the migration then took the empty desk that I should have had for my time onsite. Then he kept creating a hostile work environment, lying about what was supposed to be completed for the project and walking around showing something on his phone to employees onsite.

So my day was spent attempting to work offiine with the user list, being segregated from the enterprise and calling users to walk them through the migration that I should of been onsite for days earlier learning what was expected of me.
Dan Ramos at one point became infuriated when I was not going to the executive conference room, and continuing to do the email migration as best as I can. When men are sexually harassing a women they lie about work, deny access to tools required for work, lie about what software was being utilized by the company, call people on the phone and text, then continue to lie and interfere with a woman's ability to complete her work. They mess up everything and then present other "work" as what they think a women in onsite and employed for within her contract/job title. It's the "you don't know what you are doing. You are a dumb bimbo/slut/hooker, so why don't you engage in prostitution because that is who I think you are" sexual harassment. Men think if they acquire any images or video containing any nudity that they can use these images to sexually harass. As if the law and employer policy against sexual harassment does not apply if they label a woman a prostitute and obtain and distribute nude images of that woman.
Dan started pounding on his keyboard and Mike kept leaning over the cubicle divider when I demanded the process on how to set up an iPad and needed Dan to walk me through because I as denied the asset the day before for preparation.

The whole day was this crap. Then at the end of the day, Mike Corbo asked me if I needed a ride someplace and got visibly enraged when I said no. The janitor like men started complaining that I was "horrible" and "was not doing anything", Bioreference employees were in and out of the room and by the end of the day had a look a amazement that I was not having sex with anyone in the office. Dan even looked at me and demanded that I "work!", which is an attempt to force me to engage in prostitution. It was a scheme to use fraud and coeresion to attempt to force me into engaging in prostitution. "We are going to destroy/interfere with your contract, engage in discriminatory actions while your contract is being executed, then say you are too stupid and you wanted to engage in prostitution because that is the only reason you are onsite", reasoning and actions taken by Dan Ramos, Mike Corbo, and additional Bioreference employees.

Thursday
I arrived and Dan Ramos said I looked like Waldo and "really dumb" for wearing a hat. My hat was a Pride hat for the LGBT community. It was rainy and it was the only one I could find that matched my outfit and I wear it with pride.
Todd Wojck started discussing the Razr when I arrived and I sat near Dan. He held up a sign stating "Will provide support for coffee". When I pointed where he could get his own coffee, he put down the sign. Mike Corbo was again leaning into his cubicle giving directions.
Then Todd asked me if I was happy with the work I have already. Why? I had nothing to do and what I was supposed to be working on was denied to me and what I was doing I KNOW was wrong and not the complete process. I said "there is always more work" because I can get another project. Dan said that he "had more work for me".
I was emailed week 8 and was given week 8 users to work on Wednesday and the rest of the week. I listened to the meeting on the migration and John Mooney stated several times that they were in week 7 and Week 8 was just migrated and slated to start soon. I called users in my list and sent an email to verify if they were even scheduled for the migration. I was told that they were scheduled and when I was doing this process, Dan sent over a new list with a new name; VIP users.

I asked for a iPhone again and was told no again. I was standing between Dan and the image tech and heard him say to give me a "standard" image and not an IT image. Dan told me that RSAT was in the image, but not the one that was imaged onto my laptop. I sent over a request for Office365 and Todd approved my request, but Dan said no and went over to the help desk with my ticket number.
Dan and Mike continued to interfere with my contract and decide that I was not to have all of the tools I required and should just get coffee. And the "more work" was a threat of more episodes of attempting to force me into engaging in sex/prostitution.
I worked in Adam's cubicle for the day. I sent out a BCC email to all of the users that were not completed the day before; they all started calling in immediately.
Dan became angry and Mike complained to Dan that I was getting the work completed. I asked for Skype as another avenue to contact the users; Todd said yes and Dan again said no.
I was not to have any IM software; I was just supposed to yell out when I needed something from anyone in the room. Then he complained that I was too loud.

The tone in the room was that the discrimination was justified and that I was crazy for expecting something different. I expect employees of any company to follow their sexual harassment policies and non-discrimination law compliance. I have done nothing to give anyone the impression that any contract or job that I am at I am offering sex and looking for men to "get money from". I have had two relationships with coworkers/supervisors in the last 20 years. The last one was with someone who was helping law enforcement create evidence and slander me with accusations of prostitution. Mike Corbo was there and he was engaging in the same behavior. I have not had any interactions that a man who did the same thing would not lose his job or be attacked over in the workplace.

This is just sex discrimination and harassment to the extreme.
The rest of the day was Dan sulking and Mike being angry and going into Todd's office complaining that I am still onsite. Intentionally interfering with my contract.

I finished Thursday with the same environment and then left for the day.
Friday Dan was not in the office and I found a cubicle that was not being used. I worked with MIke during the day and then started feeling unwell. I was in a car accident and starting to exhibit the signs of abdominal injury. I finished the day hoping to return on Monday. It was pain around my surgery site. I took the laptop home. I always take laptops with me because it is foolish to leave it on the desk. Anyone can move the laptop and it is also common practice. I will ship the laptop back. I am more than likely requiring surgery. So I will ship ASAP. Hopefully today.

I am 47 years old and I have been on FieldNation since 2011. IT is far behind in the corporate world in respecting employer policy in regards to sex discrimination and harassment. I wish I could close this out with a successful work order, however, the individuals described above interfered with my contract and denied me the ability to show and utilize my full capabilities. The car accident is a random and rare event. I always complete the full days required regardless of the harassment. I am executing a contract. I take my workload very seriously.

Thank you for the opportunity to work with you. I very much wanted to complete this work order and utilize my mobile, desktop, iOS and experience and excel. I could not within the company.
Another company with employees who respects what is expected of them while working and adheres to company policy would and has been wonderful experiences that have fostered and hardened my skill set within my career.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/26/2020 at 8:47 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
29.22 Total hours
3 hours
10/23/2020 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
10/23/2020 at 5:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/26/2020 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
4 hours
10/23/2020 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
10/23/2020 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/26/2020 at 11:27 AM(EDT)
3.5 hours
10/22/2020 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
0.1 miles from site
10/22/2020 at 5:30 PM(EDT)
3.71 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/22/2020 at 2:03 PM(EDT)
3.6 hours
10/22/2020 at 9:03 AM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
10/22/2020 at 12:40 PM(EDT)
0.1 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/22/2020 at 9:03 AM(EDT)
4 hours
10/21/2020 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
10/21/2020 at 5:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/26/2020 at 11:26 AM(EDT)
3.85 hours
10/21/2020 at 8:09 AM(EDT)
0.99 miles from site
10/21/2020 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
0.84 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/21/2020 at 8:09 AM(EDT)
4 hours
10/20/2020 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
10/20/2020 at 5:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/26/2020 at 11:26 AM(EDT)
3.27 hours
10/20/2020 at 8:44 AM(EDT)
0.13 miles from site
10/20/2020 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
0.17 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2020 at 8:44 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
102920_185457.jpg(2.41 MB)
10/29/2020 at 6:55 PM
Approved on 10/30/2020 at 10:31 AM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
102920_185442.jpg(1.97 MB)
10/29/2020 at 6:54 PM
Approved on 10/30/2020 at 10:31 AM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$876.60
Pay Amount
$876.60
Approximate Hours to Complete
80

The request for pay change was accepted.

Additional Charges1
$43.48
Service Charges2
$105.81
Sum
Work Order Cost
$920.08
Total Service Charges
$105.81
Total
$814.27
Schedule
Tue, Oct 20, 2020

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Elmwood Park, NJ 07407 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
