# Work Order 1383770

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1383770  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:30:09  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1383770
On 6/30/2015
Install 1 Laptop, 2 AIO Computer (dual monitor setup); configure existing printers/scanners
Company: Tech Data (Formerly Avnet, Inc)
	
Time Logged
8.05 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$92.89
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Carla Stultz
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Tech Data (Formerly Avnet, Inc)
Overall satisfaction:
 (4711)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

INSTALL GUIDE must be read first before going onsite
**ensure Do’s and Don’ts are followed – no exceptions**
Call in upon arrival  1-800-558-9400 - also call if running late
***DO NOT make any contact with the agent directly prior to onsite arrival.  All communications with agents must go through our call center.

Install 1 Laptop, 2 AIO Computer (dual monitor setup); configure existing printers/scanners

Printers/Scanner Qty: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,3p/1s
Shared Drives? ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,No
Wireless or wired network?,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Both

Set up each system
Transfer documents to each one
Create user accounts
Activate Office
Activate other software they have onsite

**At no time is any third party software to be installed/reinstalled.  Failure to comply may result in a financial penalty

**You are responsible to verify all attached peripherals: Print to local or networked printer.  Test scanner functionality and install any required software if required for scanner configuration.
 
Complete following verification steps:
1.         Reboot and allow all users to login with stated password. This includes the Agent Admin account and Built-in Admin on all PC's – Agent MUST sign in to each account.  (The Reboot also verifies BitLocker which could arise due to many changes during install)
2.         Confirm successful data migration.  (Has data been erroneously placed in sub-folders causing Agent to think the data hasn’t been migrated)
3.         Confirm ‘Favorites’ in Internet Explorer.
4.         Print to local or mapped printer.  Test scanner functionality.
5.         Verify mapped drives and folders if applicable. 
6.         Ensure replaced workstations have shortcuts restored.
7.         Open document to confirm registered MS Office.

Fill out COW
Call in to report job complete 1-800-558-9400 - will need confirmation # for payment
Fax both COW sheets to (480) 794-9990 within 24 hours of completion

**Rate includes all travel related expenses (fuel, tolls, etc) 

**Tech assigned on Field Nation must be primary tech onsite for the job or payment may be withheld.  Any exceptions must be approved by us first through the portal.


**Any scheduling changes must be made through the call center (800-558-9400 option 1).  No direct communication with the agent regarding scheduling is allowed and may result in payment being withheld

**Dial 1-800-558-9400 for any issues/questions when onsite or if running late

**Contact Avnet Tech Support for any prolonged troubleshooting (e.g. greater than10 minutes) and require assistance

**If the agent is requesting any work to be done outside of the installation guide please contact support at 1-800-558-9400 option 2.


No work can be performed without an agent onsite.  If you find yourself in this situation, please contact 1-800-558-9400 immediately

Failure to complete all work listed in description/SOW may result in reduced payment for workorder.

View Less
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
be requesting Provider or have approval from Avnet in work order message
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:13 PM(PDT)
Collect signature from From yourself Confirming that you were assigned by Avnet to do this work order.
View Signature
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:14 PM(PDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/11/2015 at 1:30 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/19/2015 at 8:56 AM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
Two Desktops and Laptop
I was instructed to not install one desktop
Second office was small with only one person, so the agent will bring computer over there on Monday.
Shannon communicated with the Agent, but it seemed to me that the Agent's desktop was supposed to be installed, but Shannon said that only the laptop would go to Marcy and the Desktop to another office.
I asked on another work order if it was okay to work with a support staff, and was told that the onsite contact was okay to stay and install.
However, there is always issues when the Agent is not onsite and the work order takes longer because of the disconnect when the support staff gives instructions but the install and the work order is different and the instruction do not match.
Fax machine was "broken" could not fax.

Laptop was configured and printer/scanner installed
Gateway would not install because of poor connectivity
I cannot troubleshoot the network or touch any equipment outside of my work order, attempted several times to download .net 3.5 to install the gateway, windows update would not allow the completion of the installation.
Again, Shannon said that Monday they will bring the laptop to the other office location.
The laptop only needs the usb to Ethernet adapter. I checked the office and it was not there, I checked several times, the boxes were open when I arrived.

confirmation number: 4226572
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:21 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 1, to log in upon arrival
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:21 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 2, for tech support or any questions about scope, etc.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:21 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 1, to close upon completion
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:21 PM(PDT)
include confirmation # from call center in cloose out notes before payment can be processed
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:21 PM(PDT)
Upload file of completed and signed COW form provided by Avnet
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:26 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/20/2015 at 4:13 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
8.05 Total hours
8.05 hours
6/19/2015 at 8:57 AM(PDT)
3.04 miles from site
6/19/2015 at 5:00 PM(PDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/19/2015 at 8:56 AM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
waamdwo2.jpg(770.57 KB)
6/20/2015 at 4:27 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
waamdwo1.jpg(837.76 KB)
6/20/2015 at 4:27 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
completed and signed COW form provided by Avnet (2)
1383770-completed and signed COW form provided by Avnet-2005813.jpg(855.35 KB)
6/20/2015 at 4:26 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
1383770-completed and signed COW form provided by Avnet-2005813.jpg(888.11 KB)
6/20/2015 at 4:26 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Sadiqa Thornton Signature
Collected on 6/20/2015 at 4:14 PM(PDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 5 days 
Learn more
Labor
$110.00
Pay Amount
$110.00
Service Charges2
$12.43
Taxes1
$0.39
Sum
Work Order Cost
$110.00
Total Service Charges
$12.43
Taxes
$0.39
Total
$92.89
Schedule
Fri, Jun 19, 2015

Arrive at 9:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
PORT ORCHARD, WA 98366 US
Commercial
Notes:Site Contact: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Shannon
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
