# Work Order 2306280

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/2306280  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:44:06  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#2306280
On 12/1/2015
Install X Scanners & Cables at a Retail Location
Company: iTEK Services, INC
	
Time Logged
0.53 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$57.65
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Sandra Heredia
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: iTEK Services, INC
Overall satisfaction:
 (45798)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Other
Service Description
READ THE ENTIRE WORK ORDER BEFORE ACCEPTING. YOU WILL BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL DELIVERABLES.

NOTE: Before any work is performed tech MUST CALL the Ross Helpdesk (877) 568-7677 and Hit Option 5 TO CHECK IN AND OUT (tech will be required to provide the name of the rep the tech speaks with)

ALL TECHNICIANS WILL BE REQUIRED TO ARRIVE TO SITE WITH AND SHOW THE MOD THE FOLLOWING ITEMS.

 AUTHORIZATION FORM (ATTACHED TO WORK ORDER)
 WORK ORDER FORM
 GOVERNMENT ISSUED ID (DRIVERS LICENSE)
TECH MUST PRINT OUT BOTH THE WORK ORDER FORM AND THE ATTACHED ROSS ON SITE AUTHORIZATION FORM PRIOR TO GOING ON SITE (NO EXCEPTIONS)

Estimated onsite time: 1 hour, but pay is for up to 2 hours.

Work Order Description:
LS2208 Kit for Register 9

There are several models of scanners that we support. Attached to this work order is documentation for the scanners you will be working on. Please review for the models specified in the Work Order description and bring the documentation for support to site.

-Kit will be shipped to site.
-Provider will be working and confirming issues with the MOD.
-Provider will repair scanners defined within the work order.
-Provider will ask MOD for any OBTW (Oh By The Way) calls that need to be opened while tech is onsite. This is for other registers with scanner issues.
-If tech has parts in kit to resolve OBTW calls, do so.
-Ross Help Desk will need to be contacted to open tickets for the OBTW units. If the unit is fixed with spare parts have the RHD open and close the ticket. If a ticket is already open for a unit with parts to be sent follow the next step.
-If parts are not available in kit, tech will advise MOD that tech will return with additional parts following business day to complete OBTW calls.
-Tech will take a picture of the Parts Usage Form and upload it to the Work Order before leaving site.
-Tech will drop off kit at FedEx drop location, to be returned to iTEK for replenishment.


**Important 

 Note: After replacing the scanner, shut down the register and power back on. If the scanner still is not functional then user the Scanning Sheets provided with the equipmet
Scanning sheets need to be shipped back with the defective unit!**



Equipment and Tracking

We are shipping equipment to site and will provide tracking by the morning of the service date. Please confirm tracking before heading to site, DO NOT arrive prior to the parts arrival. If the technician goes to site without verifying delivery of the unit they will not be paid for additional time onsite or for a return trip to site to complete the work.
Technician is REQUIRED to remove the defective equipment and/or any unused parts from site, package with the completed equipment/part usage form, and drop them off at a local shipping location using the label provided to them within 24 hours. Get a drop off receipt or record the return tracking number for entry on the work order.

READ THE ENTIRE WORK ORDER
========================
Project Number: 920
========================
READ THE ENTIRE WORK ORDER
The accepting pro must meet ALL requirements below:

Pro should be detail oriented
Pro will be representing iTEK
Pro should not wear any articles of clothing that have another companies name or logo on it.
TOOL REQUIREMENT:
 - - Smart Phone with ability to access e-mail and open a mobile web page (for checking in and out)
Basic technician tools (philips and flat head screw driver, wire cutters, etc)
Digital Camera
=======================
READ THE ENTIRE WORK ORDER
DIRECTIONS

Upon accepting the work order, update the notes with your current e-mail address that you can access from your smartphone.
You will receive an iTEK work order with a link to the status update page that you will be required to update during the process. (If you are doing multiple location, each location will have an individual e-mail and link)
Upon arrival, use the link provided in the e-mailed work order check in.
 Tech must check in with Ross Helpdesk (877) 568-7677 and Hit Option 5.
Introduce yourself to the manager on duty or site contact as the technician there to perform the services listed above.
Perform the services detailed above.
Take down the serial numbers of any equipment you worked on in the the sign off sheet.  Also, include the MOD's name and Ross Help Desk reps name.
If you technical support or need additional parts to complete the requested work, contact the iTEK Project Desk at 949-770-4835 ext 6501, or press the "Support Needed" button in the link in your e-mail work order.
 Take defective equipment off site and ship it using the return label. Update the work order with the return tracking number.
Note down any work performed in detail with resolutions on the sign off sheet.
Note downany open issues on the sign off sheet.
Have the manager on duty or site contact sign off on the sign off sheet.
 Tech must check out with Ross Helpdesk (877) 568-7677 and Hit Option 5.
Upon completion, use the link provided in the e-mailed work order check out.
=======================
Payment

Pay for this work orderis a FLAT RATE of $65 for up to 2 hours on site, and returning the parts kits. Any extra registers experiencing issues that are repaired with spare parts or technician is able to fix will be paid an extra $10.

Site Aborts where technician does not go to site, but within 24hrs $30.00
Site Abort with technician onsite – determined by time spent at site
Cancellation with more than 24hrs notice will be paid $0.

Payment will be approved after the following:

Sign off form is faxed to 949-334-6052 or scanned and e-mailed to tech@itekservice.com (and confirmed received)
Photos are e-mailed to tech@itekservice.com (and confirmed received)
Any defective or used parts requested back are in transit and tracking is confirmed.
=======================
CONTACTS

iTEK Project Desk: 949-770-4835, ext 6501
View Less
Standard Instructions

General Work Instructions (more detailed instructions will be in the work order description)

Upon accepting the work order, message the Work Order Manager with your current e-mail address that you can access from your smartphone.
You will receive an iTEK work order with a link to the status update page that you will be required to update during the process. (If you are doing multiple locations, each location will have an individual e-mail and link)
Upon arrival, use the link provided in the e-mailed work order check in.
Introduce yourself to the manager on duty or site contact as the technician there to perform the services listed in the work order.
Perform the services detailed above.
Take down the serial numbers of any equipment you worked with on the sign off sheet.
If you techn
View More
Policies & Procedures
Payment
Payment will not be approved until:

Sign Off sheet is uploaded on the work order or faxed to 949-334-6052 or scanned and e-mailed to tech@itekservice.com (and confirmed received)
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/23/2015 at 12:11 PM(PDT)
On Site
Check part tracking to confirm the part is delivered.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 1:01 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 5 to check in with Ross Help Desk.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 1:01 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 12:41 PM(PDT)
On Site
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 1:14 PM(PDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
scanner would not scan in cradle. removing the unit to scan slows down checkout. swapped scanner, operational and tested
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 1:12 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding option 5 to check out with Ross Help Desk.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 1:02 PM(PDT)
Upload/take photo of filled out Parts Usage Form.
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 1:02 PM(PDT)
Enter custom field
Enter custom field
Provide MOD's name that provider worked with.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 1:02 PM(PDT)
Enter shipping details for defective equipment from site.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.53 Total hours
0.53 hours
11/24/2015 at 12:42 PM(PDT)
0.11 miles from site
11/24/2015 at 1:14 PM(PDT)
0.11 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2015 at 12:41 PM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (4)
img_20151124_131548.jpg(743.11 KB)
11/24/2015 at 7:30 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20151124_192720.jpg(435.9 KB)
11/24/2015 at 7:30 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20151124_192711.jpg(610.63 KB)
11/24/2015 at 7:30 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20151124_192655.jpg(662.34 KB)
11/24/2015 at 7:29 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
filled out Parts Usage Form. (1)
IMAGE-3B4DCB06.png(564.55 KB)
11/24/2015 at 1:02 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Other
633483007261
Shipping to site
New - Status pending
Description: scanner
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Other
633483007272
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: scanner
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$65.00
Pay Amount
$65.00
Service Charges2
$7.35
Sum
Work Order Cost
$65.00
Total Service Charges
$7.35
Total
$57.65
Schedule
Tue, Nov 24, 2015

Arrive at 12:00 PM (PST)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Seattle, WA 98133 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
