# Work Order 8624146

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/8624146  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:09:57  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#8624146
On 10/30/2020
Lead POS Tech - 5 hours
Store number/Addressee: 3078
Company: NCR Voyix - Retail
	
Time Logged
7.8 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$221.25
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Marko Milosavljevic
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: NCR Voyix - Retail
Overall satisfaction:
 (33863)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description




REQUIREMENTS

Hardware technician level of experience required. This is NOT an assist level job.
Dress code-- Casual business attire, including COLLARED SHIRT (WITHOUT LOGOS), jeans, and comfortable
shoes during the entire installation process.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHOULD: hats, baggy jeans, open-toed shoes, fatigues, or sweat
suits be worn. Clothes must be worn in a professional manner, neatly pressed and tidy. Denim and T-shirts are considered inappropriate attire
MUST BE able to lift a minimum of 45 pounds
Start time is firm.
Work Order MUST BE fully completed while onsite by using the FN-Mobile App (Smartphone) 
Required tools (see below for details)
Official Walmart Letter of Authorization (in the installation guide, page 53) as well as Walmart vendor letter (page 54)
NCR identification badge must be worn and visible at all times.
Technician must ensure they have an active Google Account



OVERVIEW  

Company: ***
Client: **********
Type of work: Installing logic POS, printers and hand scanners




YOUR REQUIRED TOOLS/MATERIALS

 Ballpoint pen 
 Screwdrivers - Phillips ( #1, #2 and #3) and Slotted or straight #1 
 Tie - Wraps (assortment of small and medium) 
 Ruler ( or similar measuring device) 
Cell phone charger
Laptop and charger




TOOLS RECOMMENDED 

Sharpie 
Box cutter or knife    
Allen wrench set  
Socket wrench set and pliers  
Canned air 

​




​Inventory

Technician will be required to work with Store Management to Locate Equipment
Technician will be required to Inventory all Equipment before beginning the Install




Equipment to be Installed

Technician could have any of the following equipment onsite. Each site has a different Scope. Lane Detail will be provided in Work Order. All Scope Equipment must be installed while onsite.

Equipment List:

Toshiba 4900 – 786 Logic
Epson H6000V Register Printer (Epson 5)
Honeywell Xenon 1902G-BF
Zebra DS8178 HHS




Extra Equipment

Technician will be required to Report, and Secure Extra Equipment as outlined by the Installation Guide




DOCUMENTATION

Technician will be required to Record and Report back on Serial Numbers of each device, lane numbers, Managers Information Etc. 
Technician must provide completed documentation upon Checkout
Technician must also have a Google Account & Complete a Google Form upon Checkout










CANCELLATION POLICY 

Cancellation when tech arrives on site in the first hour: 50% to the tech

Cancellation when tech arrives on site after the first hour: 100% to the tech










Important: Disregard pages 18-40 from the Install guide and DO NOT install controllers!

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Supplemental Terms
NCR Terms and Conditions
                These terms (the “Supplemental Terms”) supplement the Standard Work Order Terms and C
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/3/2020 at 11:12 AM(EDT)
bring and wear mask
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 6:30 AM(EDT)
Print the installation manual, especially LOA (page 53) Vendor letter (page 54) and all the serial number and sign off sheets inside the manual.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 6:30 AM(EDT)
create your NCR badge (MUST BE WORN AT ALL TIMES WHILE ONSITE). Create/PRINT badge by following the instructions found in the attached document titled "NCR 3 x 4 Badge Template.dotx"
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 6:30 AM(EDT)
On Site
put your NCR badge and mask on BEFORE entering the property. Your NCR badge MUST BE VISIBLE at all times while onsite.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 9:41 AM(EDT)
check in with Walmart Store Management (see Page 3, section 4 from the Installation manual)
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:55 PM(EDT)
check In with NCR Rollout Help Desk (see Page 3, section 4 from the Installation manual) 877-800-9465 Opt 2
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:55 PM(EDT)
perform inventory of hardware and confirm that it matches the WO
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:55 PM(EDT)
install POS according to the installation manual.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:55 PM(EDT)
install EPSON printer according to installation manual
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:56 PM(EDT)
install hand scanners according to installation manual.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:56 PM(EDT)
record all new hardware serial #’s and upgraded lane #’s on Serial # and Device ID Capturing Form found in installation manual
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:56 PM(EDT)
call the NCR Help Desk at 877-800-9465 Opt 2 for any assistance needed and call them when the installation is complete to validate Store us fully functional
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:56 PM(EDT)
when complete, logoff the register as follows: SIGN OFF, ENTER
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:56 PM(EDT)
Submit deliverables and serial numbers via google docs or emailed to RCC, per the installation manual instructions
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:56 PM(EDT)
complete manager sign-off sheet
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:56 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Installed 10 logics. The admin injected a pin pad install, which is to be completed. The the unit will be declared an OBF. The admins decide what is an OBF. The admin needs to obtain a tech for the pin pad. That is outside the scope of my work order. When the unit is declared an OBF or not. Then I will return to install a newly shipped logic. Thank you.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
Submit deliverables via Google
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Store number/AddresseeCustomer Store number/ Terminal ID
3078
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.8 Total hours
7.8 hours
9/11/2020 at 9:41 AM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
9/11/2020 at 5:30 PM(EDT)
3.54 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/11/2020 at 9:41 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$250.00
Pay Amount
$250.00

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges2
$28.75
Sum
Work Order Cost
$250.00
Total Service Charges
$28.75
Total
$221.25
Schedule
Fri, Sep 11, 2020

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 5 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
EAST BRUNSWICK, NJ 08816 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
