# Work Order 1092843

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1092843  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:09:13  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1092843
On 11/7/2014
Monitor Swap at Vitamin Shoppe Store
Company: Tolt Solutions (Kyrus)
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$106.84
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Andrea Clardy
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Tolt Solutions (Kyrus)
Overall satisfaction:
 (1186)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Spend Limit based on 1.5hour max on site. 


Locate the new Monitor and cables that has been shipped by the Customer's Corporate office and swap out the defective unit on the register. Look for the return shipping label located in a pouch located on the outside of the box of the new equipiment. 

Take photo of installed monitor and  upload to the work order. 

Box the defective monitor with the box the new monitor was shipped in and apply the return shipping label that should be located on the side ofthe box and take to the local facility for delivery.. I've included a pic of the box with the return shipping label attached.IF THERE IS NO RETURN SHIPPING LABEL PLEASE UPDATE WORK ORDER TO REQUEST A RETURN SHIPPING LABEL. AND THEN LEAVE THE BOXED UP MONITOR WITH THE MANAGER ON DUTY. Tech will need to document on the sign off sheet and email to andrea.burgess@toltsolutions.com. 


Please call the Vitamin Shoppe Help Desk for all install questions. 1-800-591-3322, option 1 then option 2.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT
 
This Agreement is entered into by and between Pomeroy IT Solutions Sales Company, Inc. (“Pomeroy”), with a principal place of business at 1020 Petersburg
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/30/2014 at 10:21 AM(HST)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/30/2014 at 10:22 AM(HST)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Time Log
0 hours
10/29/2014 at 5:45 AM(HST)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (1)
vitaminshoppe(1).pdf(57.47 KB)
10/30/2014 at 10:24 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
UPS
1z8t5t819051269504
Shipping from site
Delivered Nov 5, 2014
Description: monitor and stand
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$125.00
Pay Amount
$125.00
Service Charges1
$12.50
Taxes1
$0.78
Sum
Work Order Cost
$125.00
Total Service Charges
$12.50
Taxes
$0.78
Total
$106.84
Schedule
Wed, Oct 29, 2014

Arrive at 1:00 PM (HST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Honolulu, HI 96814 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
