# Work Order 11559474

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/11559474  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:16:31  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#11559474
On 6/8/2022
PCs Removal / Docking Station Installations / FedEx Drop off / Up to 2 days onsite
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
9.2 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$350.24
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Janeen Welsh
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

We would like to schedule a higher-level technician to visit our New Jersey office to complete the list below. The technician will be unattended, so it is important to assign a capable and communicative technician.




Please allow us 1 week to coordinate the delivery of the necessary equipment in advance of the technician’s arrival. Please let me know when a technician is assigned so that we can coordinate visitor access to the building/suite.




Punch List:




Call Colleen or Chris to kick off the punch list review

Remove 9 desktop PCs and network cables

Install 9 docking stations at the same desks

Reconnect existing peripherals

Test the 9 docking stations with a laptop and verify monitors and peripherals function

Place tent card at the 8 desks

Return ship 9 desktop PCs via FedEx (prepaid return labels to be provided)




Don't check out of WO until FedEx drop off. Will use FedEx receipts as check out confirmation IF dropped off immediately after leaving site




Cable mgmt pics attached. Must be very clean mgmt.




Tools required:

Label maker

Laptop with onboard USB-C port (not an adapter)

Hand cart







Parking:

The building’s garage is located to the right of the main entrance

Use the right-hand turnstile and the security call box to be admitted entry to the garage







Access:

Check-in with building security to be provided visitor access to the building/elevators




Call Colleen or Chris to be provided access to the suite and review the punch list




TOOLS REQUIRED:

• Face Mask

• Valid photo ID

• Fully-charged smartphone

• PC toolkit

*    Hand Cart / Dolly

*    Allen Wrench set for monitors

*   Spare patch cables just in case

*   Label maker

*   Laptop with onboard USB-C port (not an adapter)

•   Any tools required to complete the scope




DELIVERABLES:

Timesheet

Pictures of completed work

Receipts for reimbursement

FedEx drop off receipt(s)







DRESS CODE:

You must adhere to the following professional standards with regard to attire, personal hygiene and appearance while performing services at client sites:

• Attire and employees must be clean and presentable

• Acceptable attire includes a plain shirt (polo style or button-down free of logos/graphics); khakis, Dockers or similarly styled pants, and hard soled shoes such as loafers

• Unacceptable attire includes, but is not limited to, torn or soiled clothes of any kind, blue jeans (or denim-like material), T-shirts, sunglasses, hats, and tennis or jogging shoes

• No visible body piercing or tattoos




ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

• Deliverables must be submitted from site. 

• Work order must be marked complete the day a site is visited

• All materials, expenses and/or travel must be pre-approved prior to being assigned a work order

• PLEASE NOTE: work orders will not be considered complete or approved without all deliverables being received from site. We cannot guarantee a work order will be approved/paid if deliverables are received after a site is visited.

View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.


(Point #1) 24 Hour Confirmation: You are required to verbally confirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please be sure to answer the call from your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is required.  If this is not done you will be removed from the work order.  If you are unable to a
View More
Policies & Procedures
DRESS CODE & CODE OF CONDUCT
You must adhere to the following professional standards:

ON TIME ARRIVAL – we prefer you
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/24/2022 at 12:55 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/7/2022 at 8:54 AM(EDT)
On Site
All providers must check in and out of SmartSource's proprietary system SmartTime.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/7/2022 at 3:06 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/8/2022 at 11:13 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
asset tag BCCL513 776966910681
6QDYG13. 776966910501
6Q9TG13. 776966910096
6Q9YG13. 776966909335
93JWH03 776966910590
6Q9VG13 776966910523
6Q9WG13 777066715440
6QDVG13 776966910464
93PN513 776966910800
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/7/2022 at 4:33 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
9.2 Total hours
4.6 hours
6/7/2022 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
29.28 miles from site
6/7/2022 at 6:36 PM(EDT)
29.28 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/8/2022 at 11:13 AM(EDT)
4.6 hours
6/7/2022 at 8:54 AM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
6/7/2022 at 1:30 PM(EDT)
0.78 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/7/2022 at 8:54 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (8)
IMG_0472.jpg(236.72 KB)
6/7/2022 at 6:34 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Tracking new
IMG_0469.jpg(451.83 KB)
6/7/2022 at 6:18 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Tracking number.
IMG_0460.jpg(273.32 KB)
6/7/2022 at 3:08 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_0459.jpg(235.68 KB)
6/7/2022 at 3:08 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_0458.jpg(220.05 KB)
6/7/2022 at 3:08 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_0457.jpg(249.33 KB)
6/7/2022 at 3:08 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_0462.jpg(275.42 KB)
6/7/2022 at 3:08 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_0461.jpg(236.96 KB)
6/7/2022 at 3:08 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
FedEx
776966910681
Shipping from site
Delivered Jun 8, 2022
Description: CPU
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$414.00
Rate
$45.00
Hours
9.2 Logged / 16 Max
Service Charges2
$63.76
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$414.00
Total Service Charges
$63.76
Total
$350.24
Schedule
Tue, Jun 7, 2022

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 16 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Brunswick, NJ 08816 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
