# Work Order 3676626

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/3676626  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:00:39  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#3676626
On 7/3/2017
Installation of New POS - Win 7 - POS Primary
Company: NETFOR
	
Time Logged
2.27 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$115.31
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Sterling Satterfield
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: NETFOR
Overall satisfaction:
 (19599)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

1) Number of POS's being installed:1

2) Type(s) of POS(s) (Primary, Secondary or both): Primary

3) Contact 317-719-6301 when you arrive onsite to check in for any last minute instructions and get the tools needed for the data migration

4) Before you take down old POS A, please record the system version of the POS, It should be 8.0.2.6 or higher.

5) You will be required to remove the old POS A HDD and slave.  You can connect HDD to new system by disconnecting CD-ROM drive or or bring a USB to Sata adapter.  A back-up is needed.


Estimate 2 hours or less onsite.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
**Professionalism & Expectations**

We are committed to the highest standards of business ethics. All resources, consultants and independent contractors agree to comply with the following provisions:

* Resources must comply with all applicable laws, rules
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/2/2017 at 2:39 PM(EDT)
Review Guide and take a copy with you onsite
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/5/2017 at 10:43 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/5/2017 at 8:16 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Installed POS and devices
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/30/2017 at 11:15 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/5/2017 at 10:32 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
version 8.0.2.6. new cpu 2UA71633CV. OLD 2UA142130D checked out and verified by Sterling
 
No photo taken
I can return if necessary. 
There was extra support time;  HDD on usb to sata not mounting  Swapped usb ports until drive was recognized. 
 
 
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/5/2017 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.27 Total hours
2.27 hours
5/5/2017 at 8:17 AM(EDT)
0.1 miles from site
5/5/2017 at 10:33 AM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/5/2017 at 8:16 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
black-background-30.jpg(17.7 KB)
6/30/2017 at 11:15 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Installed POS and devices (1)
black-background-30.jpg(17.7 KB)
6/30/2017 at 11:15 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$130.00
Pay Amount
$130.00
Service Charges2
$14.69
Sum
Work Order Cost
$130.00
Total Service Charges
$14.69
Total
$115.31
Schedule
Fri, May 5, 2017

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
CLIFTON, NJ 07012 US
Commercial
Notes:LocationID 2608
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
