# Work Order 3309980

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/3309980  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:48:59  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#3309980
On 12/20/2016
RMIC/REFRESH
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
6.33 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$112.29
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jennifer Dickison
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

SOW:

Will need a technician to go to the site and replace computers as part of the Investor Center Focus Point RMIC/REFRESH  Project. This PC upgrade installation swap for Fidelity. The time to task is about 30 minutes per device. It is a combination of Laptop/Thin Clients/PC swaps and upgrades with details provided in the follow-up email sent by Stephan Leconte to the assigned technician. The dates have been confirmed and the tech should be onsite at the appointed date and time suggested (PLEASE CONTACT MYSELF, STEPHAN LECONTE FOR UPDATES). There is no data to be transferred. The technician can contact Stephan Leconte for any questions but an email will be sent to the assigned tech with more directions and scope of work. Shipping return details will be needed as well as asset tag info of the old and new machines swapped. Technicians MUST make note of this information and speak to Premier Support tech to close ticket PRIOR to leaving branch site. PLEASE READ FOLLOW- UP EMAIL WITH ALL REVELANT ATTACHMENTS TO ASSIST WITH THIS CASE. 

GENERAL SCOPE OF WORK:
1. Review and understand the Field Nation (FN) WIN order Work Description, Tech Requirements and Tools Required and Special Instructions fields prior to arriving on-site.
2. Print the FN work order, any technical documents, and take on-site.
3. Arrive on-site at the scheduled appointment time. Note: Prompt arrival times are VERY important to Field Nation, our Client and our Customer. Please call the FN Resource Coordinator if you are going to miss the appointment time.
4. Check IN & OUT
5. Explain the service, repair and/or installation work to the customer. 
6. Complete service, repair and/or installation work to client/customer satisfaction.
7. Call Technical Support if necessary to verify that device is operational and service, repair and/or installation is complete.
8. Drop-off all part returns at the nearest FedEx within 24 hours of site departure.
10.  if there are any issues at the site that would prevent the install from being completed on time please contact Field Nation with the update. 

CREDENTIALS REQUIRED:
• Minimum 1-2 years of related work experience, high school diploma, or technical training, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience. 
• A+ certification or equivalent experience.
• Current comprehensive background check and drug test.
 
TOOLS REQUIRED:
• Smart Phone (fully charged with voice/data/camera/Field Solutions app)
• Laptop
• Basic PC/Standard Toolkit
• Copy of FS Work Order and any Technical Documents
• Photo ID/Driver License
 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:
• Good hygiene, as well as a professional and clean appearance (dress code is “business casual”). 
• No helpers of any kind are allowed without prior consent.
• Carry a photo ID/driver license while on-site.
• Do not ask a customer for tools or assistance.
• Arrive with tools and supplies needed to complete the work.
Call Closure and payment:
 

Check IN & OUT from site
Tech must close call before departing site
Tech must provide the make/model/serial # for all devices serviced
Tech must provide DETAILED description of work performed and any names of contacts they worked with.
Tech must provide Model # / Serial # / Part # for all parts that have been replaced.  Also we need the return tracking # posted in the comments and also on the sign-off sheet.
Tech must capture signiture of on site manager

****If parts are installed as part of this work order,Tech must provide parts return tracking number as part of callclosure – both in the comments and on the sign-off sheet***********

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-The requesting provider must be the
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/7/2016 at 3:58 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2016 at 10:37 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2016 at 10:37 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
ARRIVED ONSITE WITHOUT ISSUE TWO DESKTOPS WERE NOT LOCATED INITIALLY ONE WAS SHIPPED BACK: 107FPA907180 AND ONE IS BEING USED BY LAURIA. HE IS RECEIVING A LAPTOP TOMORROW AND HIS DESKTOP WILL NEED TO BE SHIPPED BACK:107FPA904041
PREMIER SUPPORT WAS CALLED FOR ONE TRADE KIOSK. I WAS UNABLE TO ACCESS CONTROL PANEL TO ADJUST SCREEN ORIENTATION.
BOTH IMAGE DESKTOPS WERE FUNCITIONAL AND TESTED
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2016 at 10:21 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Complete Compucom Sign Off Sheet
Download File
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2016 at 10:36 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
6.33 Total hours
6.33 hours
12/12/2016 at 8:40 AM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
12/12/2016 at 3:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (4)
107wallstreet1212.xls(11.26 KB)
12/12/2016 at 10:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20161212_221923.jpg(1.42 MB)
12/12/2016 at 10:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
img_20161212_221940.jpg(1.08 MB)
12/12/2016 at 10:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
signoffsheet.pdf(210.91 KB)
12/12/2016 at 10:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Complete Compucom Sign Off Sheet (1)
signoffsheet.pdf(210.91 KB)
12/12/2016 at 10:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$126.60
Rate
$20.00
Hours
6.33 Logged / 6.33 M...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges2
$14.31
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$126.60
Total Service Charges
$14.31
Total
$112.29
Schedule
Mon, Dec 12, 2016

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 5 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10006 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
