# Work Order 7883435

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/7883435  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:01:59  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#7883435
On 2/18/2020
Technician Needed for Malware Remediation
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
16.57 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$271.03
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Edgar Delgado
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

SERVICE REQUEST:



SmartSource is looking for a technician to install Carbon Black Software and reinstall the Windows image as needed onto multiple computers.
All software and hardware will be on-site prior to technician's arrival. 






TOOLS REQUIRED:

Valid Photo Identification
Fully-charged smartphone with camera (2.1MP resolution is desired) for communication in advance of and during the assignment.
Smartphone charger

Flat Blade Screwdriver

Phillips Head Screw Driver
Pen, Sharpie, Pencil
Box cutters





DELIVERABLES

Completed Site Sign Off signed by site contact
Screen shot of successfully installed software





DRESS CODE

You must adhere to the following professional standards while performing services at client sites:

Attire must be clean and pressed
Acceptable attire includes a collared shirt (polo style or button-down shirt); khakis, Dockers or similarly styled pants, and hard soled shoes such as loafers
Unacceptable attire includes, but is not limited to, torn or soiled clothes of any kind, blue jeans (or denim-like material), T-shirts, sunglasses, hats, and tennis or jogging shoes
No visible body piercing or tattoos+




ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Deliverables must be submitted from site
Work order must be marked complete the day a site is visited



View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.)

(Point #1) 24 Hour Reconfirmation: You are required to reconfirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please proactively call into your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is a must!
(Point #2) Same Day Reconfirmation: SmartSource will be sending an automated text approxim
View More
Policies & Procedures
APPROVAL PERIOD - SmartSource, Inc has a 7-10 business day approval period. Once a work order is marked complete, all hours and deliverables are sent to the client for their approval and then work orders will be paid.
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/6/2020 at 5:52 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/7/2020 at 8:18 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Completed site sign off sheet that is signed by the POC prior to leaving location.
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/9/2020 at 5:14 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/8/2020 at 6:09 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I am still working on the site. I was redirected to another site to work on laptops there instead. I have to go to Broad Street this morning and I can close out this work order and accept the new one. Edgar have permission to work on other sites and return to this one.
Krizia Calet, Denisa Horavathova. Addie Hagett and Edgar from SmartSource were involved in moving personnel around to sites.
Attached list is completed tasks at Broad Street and Leonard Street.
Hours for Broad and Leonard are on one signout sheet. It was combined because I was moved around to different sites in one day.
Two are being shipped back to from Leonard to be imaged and all infected computers at Broad that have been detected are imaged. David Von Spreeckelsen 's computer needs to be checked for a complete image installation. I have been asked to return to Broad Street tomorrow at 10 am to complete.

LEONARD ST HOURS INCLUDED. I NEED A WORK ORDER FOR 91 LEONARD
THANKS
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/8/2020 at 9:35 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
16.57 Total hours
3.9 hours
2/8/2020 at 10:20 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
2/8/2020 at 2:14 PM(EDT)
1.48 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/8/2020 at 11:36 AM(EDT)
12.67 hours
2/7/2020 at 8:20 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
2/7/2020 at 9:00 PM(EDT)
0.93 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/7/2020 at 8:18 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Completed site sign off sheet that is signed by the POC prior to leaving location. (1)
IMG_20200209_170817121.jpg(2.23 MB)
2/9/2020 at 5:14 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: DISREGARD THE SIGN OFF HAS BEEN CONVERTED TO PDF
Misc (5)
COMPLETED LAPTOP LIST.xls(10.24 KB)
2/9/2020 at 5:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
LEONARDSTCOMPLETE.xls(7.68 KB)
2/9/2020 at 5:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
91 LEONARD.pdf(229.03 KB)
2/9/2020 at 5:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
75BROADST.pdf(207.62 KB)
2/9/2020 at 5:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
BROADSTREETCOMPLETE.xls(10.24 KB)
2/9/2020 at 5:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$306.25
Rate
$25.00
Hours
16.57 Logged / 12.25...
Requested Pay Change Denied
$414.25
Service Charges2
$35.22
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$306.25
Total Service Charges
$35.22
Total
$271.03
Schedule
Fri, Feb 7, 2020

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10004 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
