# Work Order 1150705

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1150705  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:14:01  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1150705
On 1/6/2015
Break / Fix Training - Newark, Boston, New York, Houston, San Francisco, Toronto, Ontario, Chicago, Washington DC
Company: Astadia
	
Time Logged
0.02 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$43.05
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
David Needham
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
9
Engagement
Overview
Company: Astadia
Overall satisfaction:
 (16)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Looking for Technicians  -Newark, Boston, New York, Houston, San Francisco, Toronto, Ontario, Chicago, Washington DC

****IMPORTANT: PLEASE NOT THE TRAINING IS CONDUCTED REMOTELY. HOWEVER THE WORK TO FOLLOW IS DONE ONSITE. THIS IS WHY YOU MUST LIVE IN CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE LISTED CITIES ABOVE!! DO NOT RESPOND IF YOU ARE NOT WITHIN AN HOUR OF ONE OF THIS CITIES!!

Welcome to Astadia,

In our partnership with Fujitsu we provide Break/Fix services to their client. We are looking for technicians who are interested in obtaining certification and providing these Break/Fix services on an as-needed basis.

The purpose of this work order is to compensate you for successfully completing the training and certification required to participate in the work.

Please read carefully through the information below before accepting this work order as there are specific requirements that must be met in order to become certified and have your work order approved for payment. 

****IMPORTANT: PLEASE NOT THE TRAINING IS CONDUCTED REMOTELY. HOWEVER THE WORK TO FOLLOW IS DONE ONSITE. THIS IS WHY YOU MUST LIVE IN CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE LISTED CITIES ABOVE!! DO NOT RESPOND IF YOU ARE NOT WITHIN AN HOUR OF ONE OF THIS CITIES!!

Requirements for Certification


Upon acceptance of this work order the following information will be sent to our client Fujitsu so that an account can be created for you.  Name, telephone number and email address (this must be unique to you) will be submitted. If this information is not listed in your profile please provide it!!
Once an account has been created you will receive an invitation email from GPMO that will contain a link. You will need to follow the instructions in the email to activate and log into your account.
Once logged in you will be able to attend a 1.5 hour recorded WebEx training session. This session is pre-recorded and available for you 24/7.
Once you have completed the WebEx you will receive a second email from GPMO containing a link to the certification quiz. Successful completion of this quiz is required for certification and payment.
 5.       While the session is available for you to take at a time convenient for you we do REQUIRE that you complete the training WebEx and quiz within 5 days of receiving the training invitation.
Once completed you will receive email confirmation of your certification. Please submit this email to the Training Coordinator Juliana Johnson in order to have your work order approved for payment.
 
Additional Information

The quiz is multiple choice and most answers can be found in the images above the questions.
You will have many attempts to retake the quiz if you do not pass the first time.
If you do not receive the link to the certification quiz within 24 hours of completing the WebEx training session, please contact Juliana Johnson immediately by email: Juliana.Burgos@astadia.com
 
If interested in this opportunity and you would like to start the certification process please accept this worked. Astadia looks forward to working with you to provide excellent technical and customer service to our partner and their client. If you have any additional questions please contact Juliana Johnson via email, Thank you!


View Less
Policies & Procedures
All technicians accepting requests from Idea will act as an extension of Idea when on a customer site.

******Check In Process:

Idea requires that the technician providing service calls 919-595-4240 to verify onsite. If you are running late or anything is prohibiting your ab
View More
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Time Log
0.02 Total hours
0.02 hours
12/22/2014 at 10:18 AM(EST)
0 miles from site
12/22/2014 at 10:19 AM(EST)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/22/2014 at 10:18 AM(EST)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$50.00
Pay Amount
$50.00
Service Charges1
$5.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$50.00
Total Service Charges
$5.00
Total
$43.05
Schedule
Wed, Dec 17, 2014

Check in at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
This work order is for a remote provider and does not have a location.
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
