# Work Order 1125291

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1125291  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:13:44  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1125291
On 12/19/2014
Network Printer install/removal.
Company: Spencer Technologies
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$31.34
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jennifer Gentry
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Spencer Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (178137)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Printer
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Printer
Service Description

 Technician will be onsite to install network printer and remove the old device. Upon arrival have the configuration page printed from the old printer and take a picture. Tech will then install the new printer shipped to the site. Tech will need to work with QBSI helpdesk to confirm device is on the network. Technician will checkout after printing config page from the new printer and printer is registering on the QBSI network. Please send picture of printer installed and each of the configuration pages prior to leaving the site. Directions for the old printer will be provided.

View Less
Standard Instructions
Timeliness is IMPERATIVE to Spencer Technologies. Please arrive within 5 min of start time. Being late may result in pay reduction.

This section contains:

Work Order Cancelation process
Professionalism and Conduct
Appearance and Hygiene
Deliverable Penalties/Workmanship Pictures
Turn Away Fee
Late Fee(arriving late)
 
Work Order Cancelation/Questions with the Scope of Work

If you are going to be late or canceling please call 508-635-2100 opt 1 - opt 5 and follow the correct process on the Field Nation Platform. Keep a record of who you spoke to when calling
View More
Policies & Procedures
***New Policy Change- listed below for convenience**

During the term of this Agreement/work order, Contractor shall comply with all applicable statutes, laws and regulations (“Laws”), including without limitation Laws relating to labor relations, fair employ
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/21/2014 at 11:03 AM(HST)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/13/2014 at 6:10 PM(HST)
Enter closeout notes
customer self installed
I packed up Kyocera printer and brought
device to receiving for shipment.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/9/2014 at 9:12 AM(HST)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/13/2014 at 6:10 PM(HST)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
11/26/2014 at 6:00 AM(HST)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$35.00
Rate
$35.00
Hours
2 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges1
$3.50
Taxes1
$0.16
Sum
Work Order Cost
$35.00
Total Service Charges
$3.50
Taxes
$0.16
Total
$31.34
Schedule
Wed, Nov 26, 2014

Arrive at 9:00 AM (HST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Waipahu, HI 96797 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
