# Work Order 14496081

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/14496081  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:14:39  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#14496081
On 12/22/2023
Install QTY. 2 Replacement check-in Workstation Windows PC, Confirm configuration is correct and can access the network.***Please bring spare ethernet cable in case it is needed
Company: Cormac
	
Time Logged
2.27 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$96.02
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Heather In Operations
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Cormac
Overall satisfaction:
 (3529)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description




We are requesting a technician to install QTY 2 Replacement check-in Windows PC's. We will need to disconnect everything from the Old Check in station and connect it to the new (Signature scanner, web cam, etc.). The technician will work with remote support to install the drivers for the printers on site as well as test all peripherals and confirm the configuration is correct. The old units will need to be boxed up and shipped back to logistics with a FedEx label that we will provide.




The technician will need to remove the old check in station and and use the box the new one came in to return the old unit to logistics via the return airbill included with the new unit.

- The ETA has been set in conjunction with tech support and the staff at the site. Our window of service is time sensitive. 

- Generally, you will be met by an onsite contact. If for some reason, no one will be at the site, we will inform you of special provisions.  So, please, be on time, since our window of service is time sensitive. 

- Upon arrival, you may have a delayed start to the service. We are a testing company, and we schedule you to arrive as close to end of testing as possible. If you arrive before testing is completed, you will be checked on site. 

  

UPON ARRIVAL ONSITE 

- You are to call our Tech Support/Operations Center @ 1-800-858-8173 to check onsite. 

- You will work with the appropriate Tech Support Level staff while on site.  

- You may be asked to box up the old equipment, apply the return label that came in the replacement unit box, and drop it by FedEx Drop prior to funds release. 

 

SERVICE CALL COMPLETION 

- Once equipment has been tested, Tech Support will release you from site. 

- Please call Operations Center @ 800-858-8173 to log offsite. 

- You may be asked to provide FedEx Way Bill number(s) when closing out of the work order on the platform.  The Way Bill must track prior to the Work Order being approved for payment. 

- Once all the steps are finished, your Work Order will be considered completed for payment. 

WE APPRECIATE YOU TAKING THE TIME TODAY TO WORK WITH US!

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/15/2023 at 1:53 PM(EDT)
On Site
Call *************** regarding Pre-briefing
Completed by you on 12/19/2023 at 4:34 PM(EDT)
Check in
Completed by you on 12/18/2023 at 9:38 AM(EDT)
On Time
Check out
Completed by you on 12/18/2023 at 11:53 AM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding De-briefing
Completed by you on 12/18/2023 at 12:54 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
both devices swapped successfully
Completed by you on 12/19/2023 at 4:35 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.27 Total hours
2.27 hours
12/18/2023 at 9:37 AM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
12/18/2023 at 11:53 AM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/18/2023 at 9:38 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
IMG_20231219163554850.jpg(107.71 KB)
12/19/2023 at 4:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: Drop off receipt
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$113.50
Rate
$50.00
Hours
2.27 Logged / 2.27 M...
Service Charges2
$17.48
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$113.50
Total Service Charges
$17.48
Total
$96.02
Schedule
Mon, Dec 18, 2023

Arrive at 9:30 AM (EST)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Parsippany, NJ 07054 US
Commercial
Notes:From I-280 West: Take Exit #1/New Rd towards US-46. Make a slight RIGHT onto New Road. Continue to 239 New Road on the right. PSI is located in Building A (first building on right), Suite 203. From I-280 East: Take Exit #1/New Rd. At stoplight (at end of ramp) turn LEFT onto New Road. Continue to 239 New Road on the right. PSI is located in Building A (first building on right), Suite 203.
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
