# Work Order 13724931

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/13724931  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:13:18  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#13724931
On 8/4/2023
Internet Caption Phone (PSTN) Installation and Training
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
	
Time Logged
0.64 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$54.98
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Ann Baughens
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Overall satisfaction:
 (189687)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Laptop
Equipment	face mask
Equipment	surgical gloves
Equipment	Smartphone
Equipment	Shoe Covers
Equipment	RJ11 Splitter Adapter
Background Check	Must have passed a background check in the last 24 months
Service Description

Please review the entire work order and installation checklist to be sure no recent updates are missed.

Assignment:

This is a residential installation of a ClearCaptions captioning telephone (basic phone install) with a customer experiencing hearing loss.This job should take approximately 1 hour.
No agent other than the assigned provider is permitted to be onsite or complete installation even if agent is part of a service company.
All communication with the End User must be solely facilitated by ClearCaptions. Phone contact with the End User directly is strictly prohibited.
Work orders are prescheduled and should only be requested if the provider is able to complete as scheduled.

Work Details:

Pre-Scheduled

Appointment has been pre-scheduled with the end user. Provider should arrive onsite as scheduled per work order detail.
Providers are not accountable for end user no shows.
The phone and Installation Kit will already be on site. The Installation Kit includes an Install Checklist, a Blank MRF with a business reply envelope, and a prepaid mailing label.

The kit does NOT include a 3-way phone line splitter, DSL filters, phone line couplers, RJ-11 cables, or RJ-45 cables.

Pre-Site Requirement

Provider is required to review a brief FCC compliance PowerPoint prior to visiting the customer.​ We also included links to videos of the Blue caption phone operations to familiarize yourself with the product prior to arrival.
Review the Building Customer Relationships training video (you are only required to watch the video once). Premier providers excluded from this requirement.

NOTE: Providers who have successfully completed CTP Compliance Training will only be required to complete this step once annually

Onsite Arrival

Check-in/Check-out must be completed while onsite with GPS enabled.
Confirm the registered user is onsite and that you have the correct work order for this user.
If customer is not present or unavailable to complete installation or there are any issues preventing the installation from proceeding contact 888.317.2703 for instruction. No other party may act on behalf of customer unless confirmed by ClearCaptions
If the customer has active landline service, but no active phone jack you must contact 888.317.2703 for further instruction.
Conversion to VoIP installation is prohibited unless approved by ClearCaptions. If customer states they do not have an active landline you must call into ClearCaptions for assistance.

NOTE: Conversion to Voip installation without authorization or misrepresenting services onsite is strictly prohibited and may result in penalty, non-payment of work order or site revisit without additional pay. 

Install and Training

Reference the PSTN_Install_Checklist contained in the work order for step-by-step instructions.

Registration (required)

   Username & Password

 Located under Buyer Customer Fields listed as "Username" & "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order.

IMPORTANT: Recording and/or retaining customer login credentials after the installation is strictly prohibited.

TRS-URD Consent

Allow the customer to scroll through the electronic signature Consent Terms

NOTE: If you are NOT presented with the FCC Self Certification acknowledgement please call 866-868-8695 for guidance on next steps

Welcome Call

Place the Welcome Call from the newly installed phone. Work orders are not considered complete until the Welcome Call has been completed. Welcome Call phone number 1.866.992.0089.

NOTE: The customer will be required to change their account password during the Welcome Call. Please advise this will be required so they may prepare.

eMRF

Use the attachment “eMRF Instructions” on how to submit the eMRF electronically through eSign Live. Report issues with the eMRF by calling ClearCaptions Support.
Note: If unable to submit the eMRF report issue to ClearCaptions Support for documentation and then proceed. Communicate that MRF will be send by mail in work order closing notes.

Travel Requirements

All travel must be submitted in a counteroffer and be pre-approved prior to assignment. We do not honor travel pay submitted after the fact.
 Reasonable counters will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Customer Privacy Agreement:
Reference is hereby made to the Standard Work Order Terms and Conditions of Field Nation, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, last modified December 11, 2020 (as may be amended or revised from time to time, the “Work Order Terms
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 7/26/2023 at 9:32 PM(EDT)
Review the entire work order and all documents for updates.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
Acknowledge Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement: Please review the service description and/or the attached document titled "Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement". Complete this task to acknowledge and accept the terms prior to onsite arrival
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
If you have not completed the Compliance CTP, review ClearCaptions FCC Compliance Training (PowerPoint attached). By marking this task as complete you are certifying you have completed and understand the provided training
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
Watch installation tutorial video attached to the work order. "ClearCaptions - Landline Phone Install Video"
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
Print and review the "CC Caption Phone Install Checklist" and "Voicemail Access Guide" attached to the work order
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
Print the Printable Badge &amp; Authorization contained in the work order. Use as identification when arriving onsite.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
Confirm you have an Rj11 Splitter Adapter on hand as this will not be onsite and may be required to complete installation.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:29 PM(EDT)
On Site
Confirm intended user of caption phone will be present for appointment. If not contact us immediately at 888.317.2703.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer has active landline service. *If customer does not have active landline service or active jack in preferred location you MUST call 866.868.8695 for instruction before proceeding with installation.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:50 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer login credentials, User Name &amp; User Password- Is located under Buyer Customer Fields listed as "User Name" and "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order. If unable to locate call 888.317.2703
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:50 PM(EDT)
By completing this task I confirm the caption phone was installed as PSTN or conversion to Voip installation was approved by ClearCaptions. *Voip conversion without authorization or misrepresenting services onsite is strictly prohibited.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Confirm each step listed in the printed "CC Caption Phone Install Checklist" was followed and completed, including all training steps with the customer
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Check and confirm new caption phone, other home telephones, extension phones, and/or internet connected devices physically plugged into the modem or router. If a device is not operational call to 866.868.8695 option 1 prior to leaving site.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:59 PM(EDT)
Completed Medical Release Form (MRF) via esign: https://apps.esignlive.com/ft?token=bm83WUsxV0xJdS1MTXlaMTdkVnUwa0hQOWZnPSZ0cnVl
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
By completing this task I confirm I did not make any calls to nor did I receive any calls from the end user and contact information was not exchanged.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:59 PM(EDT)
If the installation has failed for any reason and the device is to be returned to ClearCaptions use the included pre-paid mailing label in the box. Update Return Tracking field with tracking number on the label. If a return is not needed enter "NA"
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:59 PM(EDT)
Confirm Welcome Call was completed with ClearCaptions Representative.
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 12:59 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Tracking (if applicable)
Check out
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 1:07 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
install complete
Completed by you on 7/27/2023 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.64 Total hours
0.64 hours
7/27/2023 at 12:28 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
7/27/2023 at 1:07 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/27/2023 at 12:29 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
99999999
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: Na
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$65.00
Rate
$65.00
First Hour
1
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$25.00
Additional Hour
1 Max
Service Charges2
$10.02
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$65.00
Total Service Charges
$10.02
Total
$54.98
Schedule
Thu, Jul 27, 2023

Arrive at 1:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
MORRISTOWN, NJ 07960 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
