# Work Order 13835598

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/13835598  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:13:25  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#13835598
On 9/29/2023
Firm Start | Guest Payment Device (GPD) Refresh
Front Lane Count: Front Lane Count: 8|SCO Count: SCO Count: 6|InStore Count: Instore Count: 7|Total GPD Count: 21|Additional Screws Needed: none
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
10.48 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$276.67
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Project Source
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

COVID RELATED REQUIREMENTS WILL VARY BY SITE, YOU MUST BE PREPARED TO ADHERE TO FEDERAL, LOCAL AND SITE REQUIREMENTS WHETHER IT BE PROOF OF VACCINATION, FACE MASK, ETC.

Before going to site make sure you are printing the CHECK LIST and INSTALL GUIDE! (ATTACHMENTS TO THIS WORKORDER)

Required Skills: Experience installing POS equipment, specifically Debit Readers (pin pad devices). Technician should be able to follow detailed instructions, and troubleshoot when necessary.

Scope of Work: Technician needed for installation services of the Guest Payment Devices (GPD): Target Lane8000 at specified Target location(s). Scope will vary slightly per store, and will be specified in the Custom Fields section of this work order. Tech to follow provided installation instructions step by step. Please do not skip over any steps or go out of order as this will cause significant delays and possible escalations.

Check in with MOD and retrieve
If store team is unable to locate, utilize the RFID tracking tag and supplemental instructions to locate in store o Complete inventory prior to starting any deinstall or installation of new equipment using the enclosed packing list
Page 8 of the installation manual details stand types for specific fixture type and pages 9-11 show diagrams and photos of the different fixtures. Any discrepancies need to be addressed with PM prior to moving forward with installation.
ComputaCenter DS Team should be contacted to complete a PRE-HEALTH CHECK for all POS
During installation if any issues arise with a new device, tech must call DS team to complete troubleshooting. See below for instructions on OBF equipment. NOTE: These devices need to be handled with care.
Once all devices are installed, tech is required to contact DS team to complete final validation of all devices, a POST HEALTH CHECK, as well as in-store testing with a Store Leader as per the installation manual.
Box up any unused equipment and give to a team member "DO NOT PUT WITH THE OLD EQUIPMENT"
Box up old units and put return label on the box.
If there are any extra new units or mounts DO NOT BOX THEM WITH THE OLD UNITS!
New units and mounts should be given to the store team to put into the secure area. The DS team will have a lable created so the items can be shipped back to ATR.
OBF PROCESS:
If DS has deemed a unit an OBF the following process is REQUIRED to be followed
Tech to report Register number (IE: SCO170, Electronics 112, etc.)
Serial number of OBF Ingenico unit
Unit should be placed back in its original box, labeled as OBF, and request made to DS Team for an ATR label to be printed at the store. Tech to adhere label and work with store to place in shipping so the unit can be returned.
All old Verifone units should be packed back into the Ingenico boxes for return to Target HQ and the provided return labels adhered so these can be shipped by store team.

DELIVERABLE REQUIREMENTS:

Photos must be sent from site prior to tech being released to GPDRefresh@computacenter.com Email Subject Line: TXXXX – GPD Refresh

Photo of each newly installed GPD – photo should be labeled for register number (IE: REG0061, REG124, etc)
Photo of all old Verifone devices boxed, with return shipping label attached and clearly visible
Log of any OBF devices (see above – register number and serial required)




Upon Completion/Closeout Requirements:

Fill out the Qualtrics link in you the custom field
Call the DS team to be released
Fill out the closing notes in details
Out of scope work: In details please explain why you went of the expected time onsite (example: unable to get access to site, time looking for inventory, any troubleshoot HD ask of you, any customer delay’s due to site)

CONTACT INFORMATION:

ComputaCenter DS: ************** ****** *
PM Sarah Hornung: ************
GPDRefresh@computacenter.com – this email distro includes DS Team, PM Sarah Hornung,    and PC




Old Devices:

Note: our techs will not have to scrub old devices, only capturing the Asset tag and SN data prior to packing up the devices.
Tech to use pre-printed return labels provided in the boxes the new devices came in to ship all required devices to designated disposition location
Includes devices being requested as returned for reuse or resale (use packaging from new devices)
Provide photo of packaged hardware with tracking # showing




Important Site Information:

These are live environments, and technician must act in a professional manner, taking care not to disrupt business. Technicians are required to dress and conduct themselves in a suitable manner, including treating all people with dignity and respect and refrain from wandering into areas that do not pertain to your designated area of work. Dress code is business casual; no jeans or holes. Collared or button down shirt, slacks, and nice shoes required.
You are required to be onsite no later than your scheduled time (penalties will be applied if you are late). You are required to stay onsite until the work is complete and you are properly released. 
Tech must represent themselves as a Computacenter Technician during introductions and for the duration of the time onsite
Note: Any delays onsite; i.e. manager won't let tech begin work, waiting on lanes to be unoccupied, etc. MUST be escalated to the Deployment Support Team and detail of the delay given and noted in your closing information




Physical Requirements:

Must be able to bend, kneel, stand and lift, carry 50lbs repeatedly for extended periods of time. Activities such as climbing ladders, navigating through tight spaces and crawling on unfinished floor should all be expected as part of this work.

  

Required Tools:

Basic Hand Tools
#1 and #2 Phillips bit
5/32" Hex Security bit
Drill
Work/Protective Gloves
Hammer
Masking Tape
Marker
Face Masks - in case a member of management asks you to wear one
Smartphone and charger (must have phone, camera, and internet ability)
Government issued photo ID

Additional Tools Onsite (will be shipped by us to your site location prior to the assigned date of service):

Envelope with screws (These are additional screws for units and are for a limited number of sites, indicated in the Custom Reference section of your work order)
*For Stores with Cash Drawer SCO: #12 x 1" self-drilling screws, with a 5/16" hex head (3 per SCO)

 

Confirmation, Cancellation & Reimbursements:

You will receive pre-calls at 24 hours and 2 hours prior to your ETA. If you do not answer or reply, you may lose the work as confirmation is a contractual obligation and a cancellation fee will not be granted.

You will not be paid for work performed prior to your work order’s scheduled start time. Please contact Essintial if the customer is asking you to deviate from this service date or time

All expenses such as tolls, parking, materials must be pre-approved and accompanied by a receipt. Reimbursements will not be increased to cover markups of any kind.




Upon Completion/Closeout Requirements - MUST be completed prior to leaving site:

Photos must be sent from site prior to tech being released to GPDRefresh@computacenter.com 

Online Deliverable - THIS MUST BE COMPLETED AND SUBMITTED PRIOR TO CHECKING OUT WITH THE BRANCH MANAGER (you will be collecting the manager's signature) and BEFORE LEAVING THE BUILDING !!! :

Tech will be asked to confirm site/location details
Tech will be asked to provide a photo of each new gpd, labeled with register #
Tech will be asked to provide a photo of all old boxed up units with shipping label attached/showing
Tech will be asked to obtain the Manager on Duty's signature
Tech will be asked to provide the confirmation code received upon completion of your online deliverables




Attachments - Install instruction which need to be followed step by step. Please print and take to site with you.

Ingenico Lane 8000 NPT_rollout_V3_061323.pdf - Installation Guide - Print, in color, and bring with you to site for reference.
GPD Refresh RFID Tag Locate Documentation_v2 - Instructions to pair your phone to the RDID Tag reader for use in store - Print, in color, and bring with you to site for reference.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
By accepting this work order you also agree to receive and respond to phone calls and SMS messages confirming your readiness to perform the work as detailed.

WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. REAL TIME
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/20/2023 at 9:56 AM(EDT)
Print work order documentation and attachments, in color, prior to day of site visit.
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:37 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 9/22/2023 at 5:44 AM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Check in at the Guest Service Desk, introduce yourself to the Store Lead and/or Management, confirm store #, locate new equipment being installed, and establish a work plan for install with the Store Lead. NOTE: Use RFID instructions to find equipment.
Completed by you on 9/22/2023 at 4:11 PM(EDT)
Check In with the Deployment Support Team (DST) @ 1-888-645-4110 Option 3 for a PRE-HEALTH CHECK on all POS. Note: You will do the same after each device is installed.
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:34 AM(EDT)
Any new units, mounts/brackets, and OBF have been given to Target team member to put in secure location for the DS team to send a return lable to ATR.
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:34 AM(EDT)
Photo's of new installed devices with register number and old units boxed with return lable were emailed to GPDRefresh@computacenter.com before calling to check out with them.
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:34 AM(EDT)
Complete Online Deliverable using the link provided in the Buyer Custom Fields section of your work order PRIOR to leaving site. If there are any issues with the deliverable link, contact the Essintial Projects Team immediately at 855-612-2183.
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:35 AM(EDT)
Check Out with the Deployment Support Team (DST) @ 1-888-645-4110 Option 3 to be properly released.
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:34 AM(EDT)
Give details as to why you have gone over the estimated hours and were they approved by the PM Sarah?
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:35 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 9/22/2023 at 5:13 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
units installed and operational
one OBF
extra time onsite because the employees swapped the printer paper in two SCOs and caused a long delay in my depature
Sosa left at 3pm. He thought we were finished and left.
Completed by you on 9/23/2023 at 9:36 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Front Lane Count*
Front Lane Count: 8



SCO Count*
SCO Count: 6



InStore Count*
Instore Count: 7



Total GPD Count*
21



Additional Screws Needed
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
10.48 Total hours
10.48 hours
9/22/2023 at 5:43 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
9/22/2023 at 4:13 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/22/2023 at 5:44 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$314.40
Rate
$30.00
Hours
10.48 Logged / 10.48...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$37.73
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$314.40
Total Service Charges
$37.73
Total
$276.67
Schedule
Fri, Sep 22, 2023

Arrive at 5:45 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 6.75 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Parsippany, NJ 07054 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
