# Work Order 8383808

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/8383808  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:04:10  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#8383808
On 7/17/2020
Desktop Equipment Disconnect
Company: Royal Communications
	
Time Logged
14.65 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$324.13
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Donald Tofuah
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Royal Communications
39 Broadway
Suite 3030
New York, NY 10006
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (1629)
Title: Desktop Equipment Disconnect
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Immediate Need **********8

We are looking for a tech to help with the disconnection of all computers and headset to be bagged at a client site. This will be a whole day event tomorrow Wednesday 7/8 to Friday 8am - 5pm or over, and will still be paid as such if job is completed early. This will be an easy disconnecting and bagging job.

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2020 at 4:46 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2020 at 8:11 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/9/2020 at 4:59 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
bagged headphones
no mini maps so could not check if red/green was correct.
turned in list to POC.
I was subjected to sex discrimination. Employees of your company gave me a jerk off sign with their hand, lined up and started "hailing" me as if I was there for soliciting and one hand signal was a straight arm that was in the form of a nazi salute(Will). Nikki and the rest spent the whole time trying to set me up for criminal activity I do not engage in at all. There is a website/I was told reddit where there is a hate group that has been spreading slander and engaging in "cancel culture". Which engages in slander and lies. Erdie bent over and put his hand in a fist and made a hand job motion when I entered the conference room. Apparently your employees think that sex discrimination against black women is okay if the internet says so. It is illegal to discriminate against someone because of an actual or alleged criminal history in NYC. This is another violation of Human Rights Law. You as an employer are bound by this law for any work performed by a 1099 individual.
So both days were spent violating law as if I have something to be ashamed of, which I do not.
Women should be allowed to do the job hired and not have to put up with morons running around manufacturing prostitution because the internet said so.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/12/2020 at 6:59 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
14.65 Total hours
3.08 hours
7/9/2020 at 12:55 PM(EDT)
0.15 miles from site
7/9/2020 at 4:00 PM(EDT)
0.13 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/9/2020 at 4:48 PM(EDT)
4.25 hours
7/9/2020 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
0.07 miles from site
7/9/2020 at 12:17 PM(EDT)
0.15 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/9/2020 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
3.25 hours
7/8/2020 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
7/8/2020 at 4:15 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2020 at 7:04 PM(EDT)
4.07 hours
7/8/2020 at 8:11 AM(EDT)
0.11 miles from site
7/8/2020 at 12:15 PM(EDT)
0.15 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/8/2020 at 8:11 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$366.25
Rate
$25.00
Hours
14.65 Logged / 28 Ma...
Service Charges2
$42.12
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$366.25
Total Service Charges
$42.12
Total
$324.13
Schedule
Wed, Jul 8, 2020

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York,, NY 10172 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
