# Work Order 2228668

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/2228668  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:43:41  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#2228668
On 11/20/2015
WIN7 PC, Hard Drive, and Periphreal installation
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
12.12 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$215.01
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jennifer Hawkins
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

We are installing PCs, Hard drives, Scanners, Web Cams, and Zebra Printers. The number of each of devices will vary per location.  The number of units that you personally are to be installing will be assigned to you by the Lead Technician.  Equipment will be delivered directly to the site location.

Most locations are scheduled to begin at 8:45 AM unless otherwise specified! Each location may take up to 6 hours dependent upon the number of units to be installed.  You will be compensated HOURLY for actual onsite hours worked.  NOTE: You MUST remain onsite until you are released by the Lead Technician and have checked out with the RCC face penalties/non-payment.

A phone call will be made to you 24 hours prior to the install to confirm your commitment. An additional 1-2 hour pre-call will be made too. If for some reason you do not answer nor reply, you may lose the work as confirmation is a Contractual obligation and a cancellation fee will not be granted. If for some reason we must cancel the work order less than 24 hours, you will be compensated the standard Field Nation cancel fee. Pre-negotiated exceptional expenses will be considered.

THIS IS A GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR ANY TECH DESIRING TO BUILD A RELATIONSHIP WITH A COMPANY THAT HAS WORK.


SPECIAL ACCOUNT INFO:
***YOU MUST REPRESENT YOURSELF AS AN NCR TECHNICIAN***

***At no time, should pay rates be discussed with the NCR technicians, RCC, or any other personnel.***

***ATTENTION TECHS:  Please be aware you will be charged with penalties for late arrival to site.  Please help us by being ON-TIME to site, and following all necessary instructions***


TOOLS REQUIRED:
Basic PC Tool Kit
Blank CDs
Fully Charged Cell Phone
Laptop
Hard or Electronic copy of Installation guides
Deliverables to be completed.



CHECK IN PROCESS:

You MUST call the NCR RCC AND Essintial to check in!
Locate and check in with NCR lead tech onsite for specific area assignments.
DO NOT BREAK DOWN THE SHIPPING BOX(ES) OR THROW AWAY ANY OF THE PACKING MATERIALS!  You will need them for the return of the De-Installed/ unused hardware!
CHECK OUT PROCESS:

Pack the boxes of the De-Installed hardware as described in the install guide, affix the return tracking label and record the return tracking numbers! 
You MUST check out with the NCR RCC.  Obtain the name of the NCR representative who released you from site
You MUST check out with ESSINTIAL.  Provide them the name of the NCR representative who released you and your closing details.
 
TO RECEIVE FULL PAYMENT OF WO:

TECH MUST ARRIVE ONSITE ON TIME!
TECH MUST REMAIN PROFESSIONAL AND COMPLY WITH THE NCR TECH AND BRIDGELINE
YOU MUST CHECK IN AND OUT REAL TIME VIA THE REQUIRED PHONE CALLS!
PENALTIES:

 YOUR PAY WILL BE DEDUCTED FOR LATE ARRIVALS.  ANYTHING MORE THAN 1 HOUR LATE MAY RESULT IN IMMEDIATELY LOSS OF THIS WORK.
 $30 will deducted from your total payment if we do not receive your deliverables within the time frames specified!
 Up to 100% of your total payment will be deducted if you leave the site unfinished/ incomplete without being released (ie. Leave due to emergencies, illness, incompetence, walking off the job, etc)!  You will not be penalized for OBF units, equipment issues, onsite issues beyond your control.


**NO SHOWS ON THIS PROJECT WILL RESULT IN TECH BEING BANNED FROM ANY FUTURE WORK WITH ESSINTIAL**
View Less
Policies & Procedures
By accepting this work order you also agree to receive and respond to phone calls and SMS messages confirming your readiness to perform the work as detailed.

WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. REAL TIME
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/3/2015 at 8:12 AM(PDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/6/2015 at 8:33 AM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/6/2015 at 10:44 PM(PDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I filed a complaint with Field Nation in reference to the other provider onsite.
I also called in several times in reference to this ticket and my statements are documented, with FN and with your company.
I am uploading again the serial number sheet.
I uploaded it when requested, however, I do not see it in the deliverables section, when it was transmitted.
I was physically knocked back when trying to return to a cpu installation and the provider, took my provider data from my notebook, did not ask permission to take my business documents, did not ask for a copy, and would not return my documents when demanded at the end of this work day.  I was knocked down again by this provider, I had a hysterectomy on 10/15/2015 and this was supposed to be a simple, install  and not the drama it turned into with the unprofessional theft of my deliverables and the scene witnessed by the Sam's club employees. He should not of taken my deliveables in the first place, however, they should of been returned once requested. I shold not of been placed into a game of "keep away" with a male with considerable height and weight difference.
A copy could of been made or he could of taken a picture of the paperwork. I have over 200 work orders and the ones with shared information is just copied and given between businesses.
I am uploading the serial numbers again, but my sign off sheet was not to be found in my notebook and a signature was not aquired that evening.
 
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/16/2015 at 1:00 PM(PDT)
Upload file of Deliverables
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/16/2015 at 1:02 PM(PDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
12.12 Total hours
12.12 hours
11/6/2015 at 8:33 AM(PDT)
1.91 miles from site
11/6/2015 at 8:40 PM(PDT)
2.32 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/6/2015 at 8:33 AM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Deliverables (1)
img_20151111_153142.jpg(1.56 MB)
11/16/2015 at 1:02 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$242.40
Rate
$20.00
Hours
12.12 Logged / 12.12...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$27.39
Sum
Work Order Cost
$242.40
Total Service Charges
$27.39
Total
$215.01
Schedule
Fri, Nov 6, 2015

Arrive at 8:45 AM (PST)

Estimated 24.87 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
AUBURN, WA 98002 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
