# Work Order 12975169

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12975169  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:12:35  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12975169
On 3/10/2023
Deskside Technician | Hudson Yard, NY | Mon 3/6 - Wed 3/8 | 9AM-5PM EST |Start Date:3/6 - End Date:3/29*
Reoccurring WO: No|WO End Date: 2023-03-29
Company: Stefanini
	
Time Logged
15.01 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$505.85
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Tech On Demand
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Stefanini
Overall satisfaction:
 (3338)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Troubleshooting
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

REMINDER:

Once a provider is selected and assigned, the provider is agreeing to the pay rate posted in the work order.      
Any additional hours over posted Work Order times must be pre-approved in writing, and will be paid at the posted rate. Written approval must be added to the work order as an attachment.
Failure to log accurate check in and check out times will lead to the Tech on Demand team marking the work order as incomplete. Be sure you are checking in/out if you are taking a break during the schedule's time range
Issues with arrival time must be reported to the project manager and the Tech on Demand Team.
All additional expenses/reimbursement must be pre-approved in writing and attached to the Work Order prior to completing the Work Order for payment.
For your last work order with the client, all equipment, badges, and keys must be returned as well as all deliverables attached in order for the work to be considered complete for approval.
Tech On Demand has a maximum of 4-day payment approval review period to check and make sure all deliverables, tasks, any additional hours/expense and logged hours are thoroughly checked prior to payment approval. Failure to accurately complete these items will lead to the Tech on Demand team marking the work order as incomplete.







Add the Tech On Demand number to your contacts - 800-988-3972.




Description of the work to be done:

·        Floor walks to remediate reported issues

·        Power up / Power down systems as needed

·        Checking PC connectivity

·        End to end testing of installed devices

·        Computer checkouts from scripted template

. Moving of equipment when needed




Skill Sets:

Windows and MAC experience
Smart Hands - Desktop Support Engineer




Requirements:

Must have own PPE and tools required
Need to have his own tool
Must be able to lift 50lbs
Must have a background check
Dress Code: Business Casual
Parking will be reimbursed, receipts are required to be attached to the WO




Schedule:  Mon - Wed | 9AM-5PM EST |Start Date: 3/6 - End Date: 3/29*

Assigned to: Sadiqa Thornton

2/22/2023 - Tech running late, ETA is 10:30AM EST. Account has acknowledged. - AM

2/24/2023 - Tech can only visit on Sun 2/26 as she has errands to attend to on Sat 2/25. Jase has approved, tech was informed - AM

2/24/2023 - Tech can only visit on Mon 2/27 as she has errands to attend to on Tue 2/28. Jase has approved, tech was informed - AM

2/27/2023 - Tech called in sick and canceled her 2/26 visit. Account has been notified - AM

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 3/2/2023 at 11:51 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 3/6/2023 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 3/7/2023 at 6:33 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I was called and informed that the project was cancelled. I do not believe this to be true. In NYC cancelling a contractor's work/contract for retaliatory reasons is unlawful and if a "new" project is created just to attempt to circumvent local law then that is actionable. I was on site and harassed by a BlackRock employee, as well as the other smart hands. I voiced this onsite, which is my right under NYC law and caused no harm to the account only spoke against discriminatory actions. I followed the instructions given by an onsite contact and did not go out of scope. The client complimented me numerous times on my work and I left amicably for the day when a party was given for all of the techs. I have gastroparesis and do not drink alcohol. I did not join in the gathering and waited in the tech room until I felt it was not rude to leave. I thanked the onsite contact for his business and departed. I have been doing this work for over 15 years; on FieldNation and off and I do not believe that the cancelling of the project to be a true account of my removal from the worksite. NYC has laws that protect contractors just as if they are W2 employees and clients are barred from treating contractors different than their employees. I will take all appropriate actions through my lawyer to determine if this was a true ending of the project or a falsehood to obscure my removal from a worksite unlawfully.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/7/2023 at 8:07 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Reoccurring WO*
No



WO End Date*Date WO runs through
3/29/2023
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
15.01 Total hours
7.55 hours
3/7/2023 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
3/7/2023 at 4:33 PM(EDT)
20.21 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/7/2023 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
7.46 hours
3/6/2023 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
3/6/2023 at 4:28 PM(EDT)
0.49 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/6/2023 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$600.40
Rate
$40.00
Hours
15.01 Logged / 24 Ma...
Service Charges2
$92.47
Taxes1
$2.08
Sum
Work Order Cost
$600.40
Total Service Charges
$92.47
Taxes
$2.08
Total
$505.85
Schedule
Mon, Mar 6, 2023

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 24 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10001 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
