# Work Order 10821136

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10821136  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:55:41  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Cancelled#10821136
On 12/13/2021
Premium Brands - Hewlett Packard Elite POS Fixed Register
Company: IW Technologies
	
Schedule: Arrival Window
12/14/2021, 3:30 PM → 5:30 PM(EDT)
12/14/2021 at 3:30 PM(EDT) 
Estimated Duration: 1.5 hours
	
Scarsdale, NY 10583 US
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
IW Dispatch
Print
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: IW Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (18364)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Summary of Work:

Illinois Wholesale is in need of a technician to go onsite at a local clothing retailer and swap out the base and the column of an HP Elite POS. The tech is to follow attached documentation to replace a unit, then box up and return the defective parts using the label provided. Payment is based on the return of the defective equipment. If a label is not in the box you must reach out to a coordinator to obtain one.

Replace register #: 1

The check in and out process requires you to check in and out with both Illinois Wholesale as well as the client Premium Brands. THIS IS REQUIRED!! Do NOT begin work without contacting the help desk. Please remember to be courteous and professional when working with the help desk. Numbers are below.

PLEASE NOTE: Parts are scheduled to arrive before 4:30pm local time. Be sure to track the parts as not to arrive onsite before they do. We will not compensate for a second trip due to parts not being onsite.




Required Tools:

1. Physical Drivers License or State Issued ID

2. USB Keyboard

3. USB Mouse

4. Standard PC tool kit

5. Security Torx bits (usually a T-10 or T-15)

6. Velcro cable ties

Pre-Visit Instructions:

Be sure to read and understand all of the instructions and download/print all documentation attached to work order

Confirm ETA in Field Nation within 24 hours of the appointment.

Onsite Tasks:

Check in on Field Nation app and call Illinois Wholesale to check in - 847-285-4198

Call Premium Brands Help Desk - 740-951-3911 Option 1 then Option 3, give them their internal ticket number1044276.

Locate onsite contact and introduce yourself as a technician from Illinois Wholesale

Locate parts shipped to location

Install new parts/equipment utilizing the attached documentation.

Validate Connectivity and/or Functionality with Support

Clean up Area

Call the Premium Brands Help Desk - 740-951-3911 Option 1 then Option 3 to confirm resolution and/or advise them of the status.

Call Illinois Wholesale to check out BEFORE leaving site - 847-285-4198

Return is required - be sure to provide the return tracking number. You will be REQUIRED to give detailed notes before leaving site. We will need the following information from you:

Check In Time: (local)

Check Out Time: (local)

Store Contact Name:

Help Desk Contact Name:

Description of Issue Observed by Tech Upon Arrival:

Description of Troubleshooting / Resolution: (concise, bulleted format)

Parts Installed: Product Name, SN

Parts Removed: Product Name, SN

Return Tracking #:

Return Authorization #:

Store Check Out Contact:

Picture of Completed Work:

Close-Out Tasks:

Check out on the Field Nation App

Ensure the work order has been completed to specification and upload deliverables

Drop off defective parts

Submit the work order for payment and it will be approved within 24 hours assuming there are no issues.

Special Instructions for technician:

(Include any pertinent information from the case here)

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/13/2021 at 9:28 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Call *************** regarding Check In
Call *************** regarding Premium Brand HD Check In
Upload/take photo of Old Unit Serial Number
Upload/take photo of New Serial Number
Upload/take photo of New Equipment
Enter custom field Onsite Contact Name
Call *************** regarding Premium Help Desk to verify everything is working
Post
Call *************** regarding Check Out
Enter shipping details for Return Parts
Check out
Enter closeout notes
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
General

Onsite Contact Name*Record the name of the site contact who signed off on completed work
Time Log
No time has been logged on this work order.
Deliverables
Old Unit Serial Number (0)
New Serial Number (0)
New Equipment (0)
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
This work order's cancellation fee has been waived.
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$75.00
Pay Amount
$75.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1.5
Service Charges1
$0.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
Total
$0.00
Schedule
Tue, Dec 14, 2021

Arrive at 3:30 PM (EST)

Estimated 1.5 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Scarsdale, NY 10583 US
Commercial
Notes:PBS-04 ANN ANN 0441
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
