# Work Order 4773069

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4773069  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:10:07  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4773069
On 4/10/2018
On Site Tech support for Win 10 upgrade 3/26/2018 through 4/6/2018
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
16.38 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$290.58
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Kelly Russo
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
11
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

SOW:  Tech will be on site 8 hours per day for the amount of days required for this project.  It is most important that the tech be onsite on time and for the full 8 hours EVERYDAY on this project.  No weekends.  Tech will be able to take a 1 hour lunch break.  Tech will get a new work order every week and work orders will be approved on Monday following the week worked.  Tech will be given an area in which to set up and End users will go to the tech in his designated area for support .  Tech will be there to support the end users with their win 10 upgrade.   Tech will need to be helpful and  friendly at all times and answer questions the end users have about their upgrade.   
Tech will make sure the user has been backed up properly before beginning the upgrade.  Once the tech has begun the upgrade they are to return the laptop to the user.  The upgrade will take 3 hours to complete.  The user will return to the tech if any issues occur during or after the upgrade.  Tech will need to be onsite everyday dressed professionally in business casual attire.  NO JEANS OR SWEATPANTS!  MUST WEAR SLACKS OR KHAKIS AND A POLO SHIRT WITH A COLLAR.  HAIR MUST BE NEAT AND GOOD HYGIENE IS A MUST!






CREDENTIALS REQUIRED:
• Minimum 1-2 years of related work experience, high school diploma, or technical training, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience. 
• A+ certification or equivalent experience.
• Current comprehensive background check and drug test.
 

 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:
• Good hygiene, as well as a professional and clean appearance (dress code is “business casual”). 
• No helpers of any kind are allowed without prior consent.
• Carry a photo ID/driver license while on-site.
• Do not ask a customer for tools or assistance.
• Arrive with tools and supplies needed to complete the work.
 




View Less
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL.
View More
Tasks
Prep
Watch the powerpoint presentation attached to this work order before going to site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/25/2018 at 6:23 PM(EDT)
Read attached documentation before going to site for Day 1
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/25/2018 at 6:23 PM(EDT)
Make sure cell phone and laptop have full charge before going to site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/25/2018 at 6:23 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/22/2018 at 3:58 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/26/2018 at 10:39 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/27/2018 at 5:19 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Mondays usersChuck PeacherLucas FariasSean HullLynn LeeJasmine CooperAxel GuispeCharles Weir-self performed upgradeUsers already in Build RoomCathy Kaplan Tracey CoonBeth WrightTuesdays usersNidhi MathurBeth Wright holdoverWei Ju ChenMadhurima Basu-sajdauAmy  Heyshaw: imaged the laptop and Schiller took the laptop back from me. Was told not to set up office365.  He will finish the laptop.Shephen CracehisloKilvin MitchellVinay mehtaCathy Kaplan holdoverTracy Coon  holdoverWilliam McShaneImaged 4 laptops from available stock
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/27/2018 at 10:33 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
16.38 Total hours
8.33 hours
3/27/2018 at 7:59 AM(EDT)
0.45 miles from site
3/27/2018 at 4:19 PM(EDT)
0.45 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/27/2018 at 7:59 AM(EDT)
8.05 hours
3/26/2018 at 7:55 AM(EDT)
0.22 miles from site
3/26/2018 at 3:58 PM(EDT)
0.46 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/26/2018 at 10:39 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
IMG_20180327_2240254.jpg(3.76 MB)
3/27/2018 at 10:58 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$327.60
Rate
$20.00
Hours
16.38 Logged / 40 Ma...
Service Charges2
$37.02
Sum
Work Order Cost
$327.60
Total Service Charges
$37.02
Total
$290.58
Schedule
Mon, Mar 26, 2018

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Somerset, NJ 08873 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
