# Work Order 6410410

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6410410  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:41:37  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6410410
On 5/10/2019
Win 10 Migration Project - Post Support
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
1 hour
	
Pay: Paid
$26.61
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jose Pavon
	
Company Ratings 
SmartSource Inc. ID: 13417
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Troubleshooting
Setup
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

 SERVICE REQUEST:Smart Source is looking for 2 resources to represent our customer at a client site. This project is for a Win10 migration for a law firm across the USA. These pilots we are completing are part of the very first sites of the project. The reasons for these first visits is for the technicians to aid with the development of the Instructions as well as processes. For this project we will be using PC Mover which is a migration tool that is very efficient and quick with migrating, files, pictures, apps, user profile and etc.You will have instructions on using PC Mover + using the Win Easy transfer Cable. We are ONLY booking extremely professional individuals that are extensively experienced with migrations and know Win 7 and win 10 operating systems like the back of their hand. This is a customer facing Role




The project will involve including but not limited to unboxing, staging, setting up, clean up, cable management, troubleshooting and a few other items.



REQUIRED TOOLS:    
Valid photo ID    
Fully-charged smartphone    
Basic PC toolkit 
Laptop
USB thumb drive    
Any tools required to complete the scope above    
DRESS CODE:You must adhere to the following professional standards with regard to attire, personal hygiene and appearance while performing services at client sites:    Attire and employees must be clean and presentable    Acceptable attire includes a plain shirt (polo style or button-down free of logos/graphics); khakis, Dockers or similarly styled pants, and hard soled shoes such as loafers    Unacceptable attire includes, but is not limited to, torn or soiled clothes of any kind, blue jeans (or denim-like material), T-shirts, sunglasses, hats, and tennis or jogging shoes    No visible body piercing or tattoos
​
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Deliverable must be submitted from site.    




It is estimated that each machine should not take longer than 45 Minutes - any additional delays should be accounted for on your delay form in order to be paid for, failure to track your delays will result in forfeit payment for extra time. This also applies to estimated time onsite provided to you on your deliverable, this will be noted on one of your instructions, or inventory list.

View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.)

(Point #1) 24 Hour Reconfirmation: You are required to reconfirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please proactively call into your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is a must!
(Point #2) Same Day Reconfirmation: SmartSource will be sending an automated text approxim
View More
Policies & Procedures
APPROVAL PERIOD - SmartSource, Inc has a 7-10 business day approval period. Once a work order is marked complete, all hours and deliverables are sent to the client for their approval and then work orders will be paid.
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/9/2019 at 10:47 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2019 at 8:50 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2019 at 10:51 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
post support visit complete. Craig is on Family Leave and Anil did not want his data transferred. I arrived to the same situation. I asked again if the hardware could be set up and Anil said no. Anil wanted the boxes left in the room for shipping and said he set up his KVM. I did not want to just leave and again asked to complete my task but Anil said they were IT and the real process would be for the lawyers in the office. He said the persons from Robert Half would set up the hardware and we would do the data transfer. nothing was said that was correct and within the project. I stayed to fulfill the contract for you and called Jose so that I could be released. one hour on-site was given for the bare minimum.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2019 at 12:22 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1 Total hour
1 hour
4/15/2019 at 8:50 AM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
4/15/2019 at 9:50 AM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2019 at 8:50 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
IMAG0017.jpg(934.11 KB)
4/15/2019 at 12:20 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMAG0018.jpg(800.6 KB)
4/15/2019 at 12:20 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$30.00
Rate
$30.00
Hours
1 Logged / 4 Max
Service Charges2
$3.39
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$30.00
Total Service Charges
$3.39
Total
$26.61
Schedule
Mon, Apr 15, 2019

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 5 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10017 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
