# Work Order 4808142

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4808142  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:10:15  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4808142
On 4/24/2018
Install Ram In Registers
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
2.63 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$48.99
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Kelly Russo
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Install RAM in registers as per Instructions attached to this work order.   Follow the instruction Guides as they are written – do NOT deviate!    Just a reminder to all techs. Target has video camaras all over their stores including the control rooms so please act in a professional manner at all times while at their store working on this project.








Tech will be given access to and need to update the clients system Track It in real time while onsite I Have attached the Track it guide to guide you through updating Track it for this project and a document to help you with your first time log in. 











KEYS- The keys are being shipped in the same box with the RAM and the GPD Cables.  Please check the boxes for the keys first.  If not found notify PSD and ask the LOD for the keys.  If the LOD does not have the keys to the registers please go to the facilities manager and to guest services to try to find the keys. Once all efforts have been exhausted, please upload track it with all the names of the people you worked with to find the keys and all the locations searched. Then call into PSD and then Pivital support to report the issue.



NOT ENOUGH RAM: First please be sure you have only upgraded the registers on the provided register list. Any register not on that list is not to be upgraded. If you have upgraded a register not on the list, please go back and put the old RAM back in and only upgrade the listed registers. The only additional RAM being ordered now is DOA RAM. If you have only upgraded the RAM on the listed registers and you still dont have enough, then report the issue to PSD.



















We will need ALL of the following information in your closing notes.  Please be sure to close this work order with all the information before leaving site.     

Quantity of Traditional RAM Installed (register count)

Quantity of Traditional RAM not installed (register count)

Location of Traditional RAM not installed (register numbers)

Quantity of SCO RAM installed (Register count)

Quantity of SCO RAM Not installed (register count)

Locations of SCO RAM not installed (register numbers)

Picture of completed Site completion form sent to us via this email.

Is a RAM Revisit needed? 

Why revisit is needed





Tech will be responsible for filling out the POS-GPD Refresh checklist with lanes completed and will need to take a picture of the list once done and upload to track it.    This work order will need to be completed and closed prior to leaving site.




Closing notes must include the following: 

Quantity of Traditional RAM Installed (register count)

Quantity of Traditional RAM not installed (register count)

Location of Traditional RAM not installed (register numbers)

Quantity of SCO RAM installed (Register count)

Quantity of SCO RAM Not installed (register count)

Locations of SCO RAM not installed (register numbers)

Picture of completed Site completion form sent to us via this email.

Is a RAM Revisit needed? 

Why revisit is needed




Project Support Desk (PSD)  866-774-4273  Option 1

Target Rollout Room  612-307-5327



If you need to contact Pivital support 888-372-7813












TOOLS REQUIRED:
• Smart Phone (fully charged with voice/data/camera/Field Nation app)
• Laptop

Small whiteboard and dry erase marker, (something to show what store # the photo is from) – used for taking photos.

• Basic PC/Standard Toolkit screwdrivers, needle nose pliers, scissors
• Copy of FN Work Order and any Technical Documents (attached under FN Work order )
• Photo ID/Driver License



Tech must include the following in closing notes to be approved for payment:
DETAILED description of work performed and any names of contacts they worked with.










CREDENTIALS REQUIRED:
• Minimum 1-2 years of related work experience, high school diploma, or technical training, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience. 
• A+ certification or equivalent experience.
• Current comprehensive background check and drug test.
 

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:
• Good hygiene, as well as a professional and clean appearance (dress code is “business casual”). 
• No helpers of any kind are allowed without prior consent.
• Carry a photo ID/driver license while on-site.
• Do not ask a customer for tools or assistance.
• Arrive with tools and supplies needed to complete the work.







View Less
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL.  Do not promote any
View More
Tasks
Prep
log into TrackIT 3 days prior to ensure your credentials are active. If can not log into TrackIT, let a PM know.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 3:14 PM(EDT)
In TrackIT acknowledge all Acknowledgement scope tasks assigned to store
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/18/2018 at 12:09 AM(EDT)
Read all attached Documentation before going to site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 8:04 PM(EDT)
Print out all documents and take to site with you.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 8:04 PM(EDT)
Make sure cell phone and laptop have full charge before going to site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 8:05 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/3/2018 at 8:41 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 10:05 PM(EDT)
Check in with LOD and on Track it
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 10:52 PM(EDT)
Call ********************* regarding Project Support Desk (PSD) to check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 10:52 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding to confirm that all registers you did show as 16MB
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/18/2018 at 12:09 AM(EDT)
Scope technician should call Target Rollout Room to validate scope and Track it Entries are complete.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/18/2018 at 12:09 AM(EDT)
check out with PSD AND ROR BEFORE Leaving site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/18/2018 at 12:44 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
  Quantity of Traditional RAM Installed (register count)  4   Quantity of Traditional RAM not installed (register count)24   Location of Traditional RAM not installed (register numbers) 0125 124 122 123 114 112 113 153 152 151. 79-92   Quantity of SCO RAM installed (Register count)  0   Quantity of SCO RAM Not installed (register count)  16   Locations of SCO RAM not installed (register numbers) left and right checkout. left:  164 165 160 161 166 167 167 175 right. 170 169 171 168 163 162 173 172   Is a RAM Revisit needed?  yes  
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/18/2018 at 12:08 AM(EDT)
Must close this work order with all updates before leaving site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/18/2018 at 12:09 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/18/2018 at 12:42 AM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.63 Total hours
2.63 hours
4/17/2018 at 10:05 PM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
4/18/2018 at 12:43 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/17/2018 at 10:05 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
IMG_20180417_2357546.jpg(3.48 MB)
4/18/2018 at 12:37 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$55.23
Rate
$21.00
Hours
2.63 Logged / 2.63 M...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges2
$6.24
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$55.23
Total Service Charges
$6.24
Total
$48.99
Schedule
Tue, Apr 17, 2018

Arrive at 10:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
College Point, NY 11356 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
