# Work Order 430895

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/430895  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:29:56  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#430895
On 3/15/2013
WC1291 Friday
Company: SAIT Services, Inc
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$18.00
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Patricia Hays
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: SAIT Services, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (7381)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description
This is to install multiple work stations and monitors and we have multiple techs working together as a group. Therefore, you may only accept one work ticket on your behalf. NO WORK ORDERS MAY BE ACCEPTED ON BEHALF OF SOMEONE ELSE (this is a violation of your agreement with Field Nation). Additionally, we have installations at multiple locations that you may receive work orders for. You may only accept one for each date specified. ***Arrive onsite and represent yourself as HP Technician. *** No other company to be mentioned or contract with technician is void. Scope: Arrive onsite exactly at 2:45pm EST- you will meet the lead and all the other techs in the lobby area and will go in as one group and begin training. Training will be approximately 1 hour and it is imperative you are on time. IF YOU ARE LATE - 20% OF YOUR WORK ORDER PAYMENT WILL BE DEDUCTED. We will remove the old desktops and monitors from the desk, put them on a cart, and move them to storage. Put new desktop/monitors on desk, hide wires/cables. Remove any boxes/trash. You may be asked to run small script, which will be provided during training time. THIS WORK ORDER DOES REQUIRE PHYSICAL LABOR AS THERE MULTIPLE WORK STATIONS – requires minimal technical skill. Technician to bring a Phillips head screw driver, box cutters and wire cutters. Technician to remain onsite until released by lead tech. GUARANTEED MINIMUM 4 HOURS Many installs require 8 hours or less, however there are times that delays may occur and you may be required to stay onsite longer. If that is the case, a spend limit increase will be granted for the hours. IF YOU LEAVE THE SITE BEFORE YOU ARE RELEASED BY THE SITE LEAD, YOU WILL NOT BE PAID FOR THIS WORK ORDER. Dress Code: Business Casual - No Jeans, No Shorts, No Tennis Shoes, No T-Shirts You will receive an email Tues or Wed prior to arrival with specific instructions on who your site lead is along with a contact number. You will also be instructed on how to check in the day of install and where to meet your team. You will need to reply to confirm receipt. Please be sure to read this email thoroughly. CHECK YOUR SPAM Please be aware that many of our locations are in downtown locations and parking may be limited (we do not reimburse for parking). We highly suggest the use of public transportation when applicable. If you cancel this work order with less than 48 hours notice, you will no longer be able to accept work assignments from this company. Additionally, your rating will be negatively impacted.
View Less
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
3/8/2013 at 3:45 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (2)
ms 03082013 wo p2.jpeg(413.42 KB)
3/9/2013 at 8:26 AM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
ms 03082013 wo p1.jpeg(565.95 KB)
3/9/2013 at 8:26 AM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$20.00
Rate
$20.00
Hours
8 Max
Service Charges1
$2.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$20.00
Total Service Charges
$2.00
Total
$18.00
Schedule
Fri, Mar 8, 2013

Arrive at 2:45 PM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Cannot Find Location
Verify the provided address is correct.
Work order site
NEW YORK, NY 10022 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
