# Work Order 12949771

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12949771  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:12:28  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12949771
On 3/3/2023
Deskside Technician | Hudson Yard, NY | Mon 2/27 - 9AM-5PM EST | Duration: Estimated 8 hours*#
Reoccurring WO: No|WO End Date: 2023-02-27
Company: Stefanini
	
Time Logged
2.98 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$100.42
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Tech On Demand
	
Company Ratings 
Stefanini ID: 58876
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Stefanini
Overall satisfaction:
 (3338)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Troubleshooting
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

REMINDER:

Once a provider is selected and assigned, the provider is agreeing to the pay rate posted in the work order.      
Any additional hours over posted Work Order times must be pre-approved in writing, and will be paid at the posted rate. Written approval must be added to the work order as an attachment.
Failure to log accurate check in and check out times will lead to the Tech on Demand team marking the work order as incomplete. Be sure you are checking in/out if you are taking a break during the schedule's time range
Issues with arrival time must be reported to the project manager and the Tech on Demand Team.
All additional expenses/reimbursement must be pre-approved in writing and attached to the Work Order prior to completing the Work Order for payment.
For your last work order with the client, all equipment, badges, and keys must be returned as well as all deliverables attached in order for the work to be considered complete for approval.
Tech On Demand has a maximum of 4-day payment approval review period to check and make sure all deliverables, tasks, any additional hours/expense and logged hours are thoroughly checked prior to payment approval. Failure to accurately complete these items will lead to the Tech on Demand team marking the work order as incomplete.







Add the Tech On Demand number to your contacts - 800-988-3972.




Description of the work to be done:

·        Floor walks to remediate reported issues

·        Power up / Power down systems as needed

·        Checking PC connectivity

·        End to end testing of installed devices

·        Computer checkouts from scripted template

. Moving of equipment when needed




Skill Sets:

Windows and MAC experience
Smart Hands - Desktop Support Engineer




Requirements:

Must have own PPE and tools required
Need to have his own tool
Must be able to lift 50lbs
Must have a background check
Dress Code: Business Casual
Parking will be reimbursed, receipts are required to be attached to the WO




Schedule: Monday and Tuesday - 9AM - 5PM EST

Assigned to: Sadiqa Thornton

2/22/2023 - Tech running late, ETA is 10:30AM EST. Account has acknowledged. - AM

2/24/2023 - Tech can only visit on Sun 2/26 as she has errands to attend to on Sat 2/25. Jase has approved, tech was informed - AM

2/24/2023 - Tech can only visit on Mon 2/27 as she has errands to attend to on Tue 2/28. Jase has approved, tech was informed - AM

2/27/2023 - Tech called in sick and canceled her 2/26 visit. Account has been notified - AM

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 2/24/2023 at 1:04 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 2/27/2023 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 2/27/2023 at 1:04 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
i arrived and was instructed to the 16th floor. there was nobody on that floor. the only reason i was sent to that floor was because i was set up to be alone with another tech. Mike, with whom i worked before who sat about 25 feet from me. i called Ian twice letting him know that the team was not on 16. I escalated to stephanni when Ian asked me to go over to 52nd st. the only reason i was asked to go to 52nd st and told to go to 16 instead of 17 was the straight men on the team were manufacturing and lying about me on the site. i am not straight. I do not have anything to do with straight men. year after year men on worksites like to send women somewhere then lie and say we were engaging in some sexual activity. i did no such thing. The men on the team pretty much were doing nothing but manufacturing my heterosexuality and flashing a bios, which if past discrimination dictates present discrimination; they were propably breaking something to say i tried to access the domain in the continued lie that i am supposed to be muslim and/or a terrorist and I want to work in the financial sector to steal or sabatoge. my security system went down and i had to leave to check on my property. i informed the client and left for the day. i was working on coametics and desks; I was working. then men were decisional in thinking that this time i was going to go along with sexual harassment when i have not before. it was dumb and a waste of resources. i can return if needed. I have every right to employment and should not be penalized for sexist and dangerous behavior by other teammates.
Completed by you on 2/28/2023 at 2:55 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Reoccurring WO*
No



WO End Date*Date WO runs through
2/27/2023
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.98 Total hours
2.98 hours
2/27/2023 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
2/27/2023 at 12:00 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/27/2023 at 9:01 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$119.20
Rate
$40.00
Hours
2.98 Logged / 8 Max
Service Charges2
$18.36
Taxes1
$0.42
Sum
Work Order Cost
$119.20
Total Service Charges
$18.36
Taxes
$0.42
Total
$100.42
Schedule
Mon, Feb 27, 2023

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10001 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
