# Work Order 16082481

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/16082481  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:27:42  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#16082481
On 10/24/2024
Hilton - CLOUD COVER # 41200- HDD Replacement and complete imaged setup - HP ProDesk 600 G6 DM
Company: CloudCover.
	
Time Logged
1.68 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$124.89
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Pierina Acevedo
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: CloudCover.
Overall satisfaction:
 (5388)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Troubleshooting
Imaging
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description

We are sending a pre-imaged hard drive for this machine which will need to be installed following the instructions to complete the image setup described in the PRE-IMAGED HDD REPLACEMENT AND IMAGE SETUP PROCEDURE below.

PLEASE SET UP YOUR ETA IN THIS WO.

IMPORTANT: If you have not received a response from OnQ Support help desk (1-800-HELP-HELP-option 8Note: Do not share this phone support option (8) with end-users), within the stipulated time frame, 15min, after your first 2 hours pre-approved by help@cloudcover.it, kindly provide the MAC address / IP address, INC number, Serial Number to the customer. Instruct him/her to call1-800-HELP-HELP to reconnect the PC to the domain under Hilton OnQ Support.

All faulty parts and units should be returned to depot repairs using the provided return label above.

*** IMPORTANT: Please read the confidential information section and attached documents before arriving on site. It includes troubleshooting suggestions and required information. ***

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 10/21/2024 at 5:55 PM(EDT)
On Site
Read CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION section thoroughly prior to arrival.
Completed by you on 10/22/2024 at 12:25 PM(EDT)
Check in
Completed by you on 10/22/2024 at 1:43 PM(EDT)
On Site
Send email to ****************** regarding Send email to help@cloudcover.it with the closing template which can be found at the bottom of the confidential information section.
Completed by you on 10/22/2024 at 3:26 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 10/22/2024 at 3:24 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
· Tech Name: sadiqa thornton


· Onsite Arrival Date/Time: 10/22 2pm


· Onsite Departure Date/Time: 10/22 325pm


· What time did OnQ Help Desk reach you?
240pm

· How long did you stay on the phone with OnQ Help Desk after your initial 2 hours?
na

· If you were not reached by OnQ Help Desk how long did you wait?:


· Describe your onsite work Performed:swapped hdd and configured SCCM


· Total time spent onsite: 1.5 HOURS


· Was the customer's issue resolved: Yes/No?
YES

· Explain if No:


· Name of person you were released by Staff onsite, first and last name: DIBYA PAUDEL
Completed by you on 10/22/2024 at 12:26 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.68 Total hours
1.68 hours
10/22/2024 at 1:43 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
10/22/2024 at 3:24 PM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/22/2024 at 1:43 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 5 days 
Learn more
Labor
$149.00
Pay Amount
$149.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
2
Service Charges3
$23.70
Taxes1
$0.41
Sum
Work Order Cost
$149.00
Total Service Charges
$23.70
Taxes
$0.41
Total
$124.89
Schedule
Tue, Oct 22, 2024

Arrive at 2:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Burlington, VT 05401 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
