# Work Order 4610500

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4610500  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:09:04  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4610500
On 2/13/2018
Install New Thin Clients- Assist Tech
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
5.72 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$126.84
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Kelly Russo
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Drug Test	Must have passed a drug test
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Uninstall old and install new thin clients and supporting hardware.  Update the clients system track it as you go through the day.  You will be given access to track it before you go to site.   Once you are assigned to this work order, we will submit your name for track it access and you will receive an email with your credentials and instruction for first time log in.  Follow the instruction Guides step by step as they are written – do NOT deviate! Please be aware that there are camaras everywhere so please be professional at all times. 

Both Lead and Assist Tech are required to read the attached documentation and complete the quizzes before going to site.  Just copy and paste into your browser and complete quiz.  

Guide Quiz Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdQ4uu1afnuxEqVh9TFkFoPCAEq4JNDvDYc3P0CaWYlfDF9hA/viewform just copy and paste into your browser and complete quiz.
Represent yourself quiz link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc6EykwL6knl7Bh7ubUWp9Pod769eXsJIoftf0Ek0RhpwV87w/viewform



Track it:  Needs to be completely updated before you leave site.  it will need to be updated before you can check out with PSD .  If you do not get your credentials before your site time or for any other reason cannot access Track it on site then you need to call PSD or Pivital Support  for help with track it updates.  






REQUIRED DELIVERABLES (MUST BE UPLOADED TO TRACK IT BEFORE LEAVING SITE):

  Picture of the unopened equipment box 

Picture of Old & New Thin Client devices 

Picture of Check scanners

 Picture of equipment boxed ready for shipment 

Picture of them manager sign off form (New Hardware Inventory Log) – Located at bottom of instructions 


Critical Note: Final checkout must always be done via the Project Support Desk 866-774-4273 Option 4. Photos and sign off forms must be uploaded to track it for validation prior to leaving the site or you will be required to revisit the location for any missing requirements. 







Contacts: 


 CompuCom Project Service Desk (PSD): 866-774-4273 Option 4 

Pablo Baza: Call (978) 858-2840 – Questions and Escalations 

Patrick Miranda: Call or Text – (541) 499-4244 – 2nd level escalations
 
TD Ameritrade TDA Helpdesk – (773) 244 3541

TOOLS REQUIRED:
• Smart Phone (fully charged with voice/data/camera/Field Nation app)
• Laptop

Box Cutter

Pen

Small whiteboard and dry erase marker, (something to show what store # the photo is from) – used for taking photos.


• Basic PC/Standard Toolkit screwdrivers, needle nose pliers, scissors
• Copy of FN Work Order and any Technical Documents (attached under FN Work order )
• Photo ID/Driver License





Tech must include the following in closing notes and close work order prior to leaving site to be approved for payment:
DETAILED description of work performed and any names of contacts they worked with.
Make/model/serial# of equipment serviced



CREDENTIALS REQUIRED:
• Minimum 1-2 years of related work experience, high school diploma, or technical training, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience. 
• A+ certification or equivalent experience.
• Current comprehensive background check and drug test.
 

 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:
• Good hygiene, as well as a professional and clean appearance (dress code is “business casual”). 
• No helpers of any kind are allowed without prior consent.
• Carry a photo ID/driver license while on-site.
• Do not ask a customer for tools or assistance.
• Arrive with tools and supplies needed to complete the work.




View Less
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL.
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/11/2018 at 12:58 AM(EDT)
Read the attached Documentation and complete the quizzes in the work order details
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:23 PM(EDT)
Print out all documents and take to site with you
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:24 PM(EDT)
Test Track it Access by completing the Tech Acknowledgment task in Track it 48 hours before on site time.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:23 PM(EDT)
Make sure cell phone and laptop have full charge before going to site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:23 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 2:40 PM(EDT)
Call ********************* regarding to check in upon arriving to site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:24 PM(EDT)
update Track it with check in time immediately upon arrival
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:24 PM(EDT)
Complete all required entries into track it in real time. Call PSD if you need help with this while on site.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:24 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of the unopened equipment box,Picture of Old & New Thin Client devices , Picture of Check scanners, AND Picture of equipment boxed ready for shipment for EACH device installed and upload to Track it BEFORE leaving site
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:24 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of the manager sign off form (New Hardware Inventory Log) – Located at bottom of instructions FOR EACH DEVICE and upload to Track it BEFORE leaving site
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:26 PM(EDT)
Call ********************* regarding verify with PSD all work completed including all entries in Track it complete before leaving site. Do not leave site without being released by PSD
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:26 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:23 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I was an assistant tech. all paperwork and pictures was uploaded by the lead.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 8:27 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
5.72 Total hours
5.72 hours
2/12/2018 at 2:40 PM(EDT)
0.24 miles from site
2/12/2018 at 8:23 PM(EDT)
0.28 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/12/2018 at 2:40 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
the unopened equipment box,Picture of Old & New Thin Client devices , Picture of Check scanners, AND Picture of equipment boxed ready for shipment for EACH device installed and upload to Track it BEFORE leaving site (1)
20180212_202147.jpg(2.4 MB)
2/12/2018 at 8:24 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: shipped back
the manager sign off form (New Hardware Inventory Log) – Located at bottom of instructions FOR EACH DEVICE and upload to Track it BEFORE leaving site (1)
20180212_202216.jpg(2.5 MB)
2/12/2018 at 8:26 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: new
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$143.00
Rate
$25.00
Hours
5.72 Logged / 8 Max
Service Charges2
$16.16
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$143.00
Total Service Charges
$16.16
Total
$126.84
Schedule
Mon, Feb 12, 2018

Arrive at 2:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
NEW YORK, NY 10022 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
