# Work Order 9832306

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9832306  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:36:28  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9832306
On 7/9/2021
Store Conversion - Nighttime Work
Project Name / Number: none
Company: Pomeroy
	
Time Logged
9.23 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$312.34
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Dana Hagedorn
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Pomeroy
Overall satisfaction:
 (84359)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Provider Type	Is Business Provider
Service Description

Technicians will show up on time and check in and out with the Lead Pomeroy Tech at each store (failure to do this will result in non-payment of work order)

Technicians will take direction and follow documentation provided by Pomeroy.

Tasks include but are not limited to de-installation and installation of the following: 

POS Equipment in Front end and all perimeter check lanes.
Office PC workstations and laser printers.
Perishable Department Scales.
Servers, Switches, Routers.
Zebra RF Belt Printers and Symbol MC91N0 Handhelds.
Fax machines.
As directed by IT Store Lead.

Eight and a half (8.5) – ten and a half (10.5) hour days, including eight (8) – ten (10) labor hours and a thirty (30) minute lunch per technician

Service will be performed Monday – Friday after normal business hours. Please verify with the customer what time we need to start each night.

No technicians should leave site without speaking to Pomeroy IT Store Lead

Business casual dress attire, jeans acceptable with no tears.

Technicians must be Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) certified.

Hairnet is required in perishable areas (supplied by customer).

Travel will be required to store locations for equipment installs, some out of town and includes overnight stays. Sites more than 60 miles (one way) from tech's home location will be reimbursed. $0.54/mile for mileage (over 60 miles one way) and hotel cost with prior approval from Project Manager




Tools Required

Must have a basic tool kits including screw drivers, cordless drill, hole saw bit, and scissors/wire snips.
Must have cell phone.
Must have a State issued identification.
Must print Field Nation Printable Badge & Authorization for each site




Technician Skill Sets Required

Ability to uninstall equipment and manage installation of new equipment.     
Ability to document equipment and palletize equipment.
Ability to unpack and spot equipment for installation.
Ability to work daytime
Must possess medium carpentry skills (mounting of check stand metal work and drilling of holes for metal work) and take direction from Pomeroy IT Leads.
Ability to fish cables through metal work.
Ability to climb ladder as well as stoop and bend.
Ability to lift fifty (50) pounds.
Able to follow direction and documentation to install POS, PCs, Printers, servers, scales, handhelds, routers, timeclocks, and switches.




Written documentation will be provided

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Provider will introduce themself as a Pomeroy employee.

Must print out work order and be sure to get the user's signature for all calls.

Submit documents (signed paperwork) within 24 hours of completion of the service event.

Failure to follow these instructions
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/10/2021 at 7:03 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/6/2021 at 6:33 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2021 at 4:29 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
A client cannot interfere with a contract by engaging in unprofessional and discriminatory behaviors. I am a seasoned veteran and quite proud of my work. It is up to the client to have employees who are respectful of company standards and not fly off the handle because a experienced woman is onsite and not a newbie. I am a Lead and have been many times over, and I present and act accordingly...just like men do and as we all should.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/7/2021 at 3:12 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Project Name / Number*ALL WORK ORDERS MUST HAVE THE PROPER PROJECT NAME / NUMBER
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
9.23 Total hours
9.21 hours
7/6/2021 at 6:47 PM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
7/7/2021 at 4:00 AM(EDT)
0.99 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/6/2021 at 6:47 PM(EDT)
0.02 hours
7/6/2021 at 6:32 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
7/6/2021 at 6:33 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/6/2021 at 6:33 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$369.20
Rate
$240.00
First Hours
6
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$40.00
Additional Hours
3.23 Logged / 4 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$56.86
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$369.20
Total Service Charges
$56.86
Total
$312.34
Schedule
Tue, Jul 6, 2021

Arrive at 7:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Midland Park, NJ 07432 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
