# Work Order 16084255

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/16084255  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:27:49  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#16084255
On 10/29/2024
Scarsdale Ticket #711212 - Vista panel not communicating via network. panel should be plugged in to either port 5-6 on the meraki. reset panel. Work with Scarsdale support to test and verify signals.
Company: Scarsdale Security Systems Inc
	
Time Logged
2.82 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$104.15
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Hasan Jahid
	
Company Ratings 
Scarsdale Security Systems Inc ID: 373926
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Scarsdale Security Systems Inc
132 Montgomery Ave
Scarsdale, NY 10583
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (13734)
Title: Scarsdale Ticket #711212 - Vista panel not communicating via network. panel should be plugged in to either port 5-6 on the meraki. reset panel. Work with Scarsdale support to test and verify signals.
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Alarm
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Repair
Troubleshooting
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Butt Set
Equipment	Drill
Equipment	Multimeter
Equipment	wire cutters and stripper
Equipment	Screwdriver set
Equipment	Standard Drill Bit Set
Service Description
Vista panel not communicating via network. panel should be plugged in to either port 5-6 on the meraki. reset panel. Work with Scarsdale support to test and verify signals.




﻿YOU MUST FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS IN THE CONFIDENTIAL INFO SECTION OF THIS WORK ORDER !! Thank You.
IF A PART NEEDS TO BE REPLACED, DOCUMENT THE MAKE, MODEL AND SERIAL NUMBER OF DEVICE. PROVIDE NOTES AS TO WHY PART MUST BE REPLACED. UPLOAD PICTURE TO WORK ORDER.
TECH TO HAVE SERVICE CHANNEL *PROVIDER* APP INSTALLED ON PHONE OR TABLET. SEE GOOGLE PLAY STORE OR APPLE STORE FOR THE FREE APP. USE APP TO CHECK IN AND OUT. *OR* TECHNICIAN MUST USE AUTOMATED RESPONSE SYSTEM (IVR) TO CHECK IN WITH THE STORE PHONE UPON ARRIVAL TO THE LOCATION & TO CHECK OUT WITH THE STORE PHONE UPON COMPLETION OF THE VISIT. CALL- USA- 516.500.7776 **Canada - 647-496-1288 (CA-ON), 506-300-3307 (CA-NB) – PIN NUMBER 75182 AND TRACKING NUMBER - 293562283 **WHEN CALLING FROM PREMISE PHONE, IF IVR DOES NOT LET YOU SIGN IN and OUT, CALL 855-269-6471. This will allow you to speak directly with a Service Channel Representative. If all else fails, call a Scarsdale Customer Service Representative at 914-722-2933. Thank you. **CHECKING IN WITH THE IVR DOES NOT PUT YOUR SYSTEM ON TEST!!!
FOR SYSTEM ON-TEST OR TECHNICAL SUPPORT WHEN ON SITE CALL 914-722-2933 BETWEEN 8 AM AND 7:30 PM EST MON - FRI.
**BEFORE LEAVING SITE*** Technician MUST email notes/resolution to nationalservice@scarsdalesecurity.com OR call 914-722-2933 and speak to one of our National Account Team Members
***IMPORTANT** If a part needs to be replaced DOCUMENT the make, model, serial #. MUST PROVIDE NOTES as to WHY the part needs replaced (I.E. Damaged? Physically missing? Remodeling? Provide these DETAILS and upload picture to work order and/or email to nationalservice@scarsdalesecurity.com Use provided return label to return ship any unused parts.
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 10/24/2024 at 4:17 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 1:05 PM(EDT)
On Site
Call *************** regarding Check in with IVR - MUST CALL FROM STORE PHONE
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 1:18 PM(EDT)
Collect signature from On-Site Manager
View Signature
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 3:55 PM(EDT)
Post
Upload/take photo of work completed. You MUST upload photo of any or all of the applicable items such as: Defective part, Replaced Part, Completed Install, Keypad or Display Error Messages, ETC. Anything applicable that you worked on must have an uploaded photo.
View Photo
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 3:56 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Check out with IVR - MUST CALL FROM STORE PHONE. AND YOU MUST GET A CHECK OUT CODE !!
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 3:56 PM(EDT)
MUST ENTER SERVICE CHANNEL CHECKOUT CODE OR YOUR WORK ORDER WILL NOT BE APPROVED FOR PAYMENT.
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 3:57 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 3:54 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
680945238

power cycled panel network and rules out ethernet cable issue/swapped ethernet and unit did not restore. Called B&N IT they state that ports 7-8 are both set up for Scarsdale. Neither port 7 or 8 get communication. Red LED is solid on 7847I. B&N states there is nothing else they can do. Need replacement 7847i.
Completed by you on 10/25/2024 at 3:57 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.82 Total hours
2.82 hours
10/25/2024 at 1:05 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
10/25/2024 at 3:54 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/25/2024 at 1:05 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
work completed. You MUST upload photo of any or all of the applicable items such as: Defective part, Replaced Part, Completed Install, Keypad or Display Error Messages, ETC. Anything applicable that you worked on must have an uploaded photo. (3)
IMG_20241025_154046467_HDR.jpg(150.39 KB)
10/25/2024 at 3:56 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20241025_140800235.jpg(59.88 KB)
10/25/2024 at 3:56 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20241025_155410746.jpg(69.79 KB)
10/25/2024 at 3:56 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Teresa hludzenski Signature
Collected on 10/25/2024 at 3:55 PM(EDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 4 days 
Learn more
Labor
$125.00
Pay Amount
$125.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1
Service Charges3
$20.51
Taxes1
$0.34
Sum
Work Order Cost
$125.00
Total Service Charges
$20.51
Taxes
$0.34
Total
$104.15
Schedule
Fri, Oct 25, 2024

Arrive at 1:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
South Burlington, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
