# Work Order 12572861

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12572861  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:10:41  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12572861
On 12/13/2022
Landline Caption Phone (PSTN) Installation and Training
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
	
Time Logged
0.5 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$54.65
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Laurie Garcia
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Overall satisfaction:
 (189687)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Laptop
Equipment	face mask
Equipment	Smartphone
Equipment	surgical gloves
Equipment	RJ11 Splitter Adapter
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Type of work	Telecom / VOIP
Service Description

IMPORTANT PLEASE REVIEW: UPDATED 12/1/2022

Please review the entire work order and installation checklist for important updates!

Assignment:

Install a ClearCaptions captioning telephone (Basic phone install) in the home of a customer with hearing loss. This job should take approximately 1 hour

Work Details:

Pre-Scheduled

Appointment has been pre-scheduled with the end user, so provider only needs to arrive at scheduled appointment to complete install
Providers are not accountable for end user no shows

Required

Check-in must be completed while onsite and the issue is reported to our Support staff

 Install

Installation will take place in the home of our end user with hearing loss. Job should take approximately 1 hour.
Once onsite follow the attached install checklist for step-by-step instructions
All phones must be updated to software version 3.4.1.before completing the installation and Welcome Call. If unable to update, please see the Software Update Trouble Shooting Steps attached to the work order.
Note: If the customer has active landline service, but no active phone jack in the desired install location a revisit will be necessary after a phone jack has been added to desired location. VoIP service can NOT be setup in this situation. 

Training

Show the end user how to use basic phone functions such as setting up and using the answering machine
All calls made to or from the customer for testing must be completed with the phone number associated with Field Nation profile
Please confirm the font size is satisfactory for the customer. It currently defaults to 10 which may cause captions to appear slower and less words will appear on the screen at once. 

Deliverables (required):

Welcome Call

Complete a call from the newly installed phone to our Support staff to give the end user a chance to meet us, answer any questions, and register additional users if needed

eMRF

Use the attachment “eMRF Instructions” for instructions on how to submit the eMRF electronically through eSign Live
Note: If unable to submit the eMRF report issue to ClearCaptions Support for documentation and then proceed using the physical form included with the caption telephone packaging
Report issues with the eMRF by calling ClearCaptions Support

Consent Digital Upload

Use the attached install checklist to upload consent through the caption phone settings




Travel Requirements

All travel must be submitted in a counteroffer and be pre-approved prior to assignment. We do not honor travel pay submitted after the fact.
ClearCaptions does not include travel costs for 25 miles or less from the customer’s location.
Our standard travel cost allowance does not exceed the US national average of $0.56 per mile driven. Reasonable counters will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Customer Privacy Agreement:
Reference is hereby made to the Standard Work Order Terms and Conditions of Field Nation, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, last modified December 11, 2020 (as may be amended or revised from time to time, the “Work Order Terms
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/2/2022 at 9:13 PM(EDT)
Review the entire work order and all documents for updates.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Acknowledge Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement: Please review the service description and/or the attached document titled "Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement". Complete this task to acknowledge and accept the terms prior to onsite arrival
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Review ClearCaptions FCC Compliance Training (PowerPoint attached). By marking this task as complete you are certifying you have completed and understand the provided training
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Watch installation tutorial video attached to the work order. "ClearCaptions - Landline Phone Install Video"
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Print and review the "CC Caption Phone Install Checklist" and "Voicemail Access Guide" attached to the work order
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Print the Printable Badge &amp; Authorization contained in the work order. Use as identification when arriving onsite.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Confirm you have an Rj11 Splitter Adapter on hand as this will not be onsite and may be required to complete installation.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Appointment confirmation call to end user to confirm arrival and phone delivery. If no answer, leave message stating you are confirming ClearCaptions phone install. Appointments have been pre scheduled with the end user so proceed as scheduled.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer login credentials, User Name &amp; User Password- Is located under Buyer Customer Fields listed as "User Name" and "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order. If unable to locate call 888.317.2703
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2022 at 9:06 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 1:04 PM(EDT)
On Site
Confirm intended user of caption phone will be present for appointment. If not contact us immediately at 888.317.2703.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer has active landline service. If not, proceed with install using install checklist following "Internet Phone Only" instructions. The customer will be provided a local telephone number.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Note: If the customer has active landline service, but no active phone jack in the desired install location, VoIP service can NOT be setup in this situation. Call 888.317.2703 Option 1 for further instruction
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Confirm each step listed in the printed "CC Caption Phone Install Checklist" was followed and completed, including all training steps with the customer
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer Consent has been submitted through the Blue caption phone settings menu. Step by step instructions located in the Consent End Point Instruction attachment
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Confirm medical release form was completed by the customer and is being returned using the prepaid mailing envelope
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Check and confirm new caption phone, other home telephones, extension phones, and/or internet connected devices physically plugged into the modem or router. If a device is not operational call to 866.868.8695 option 1 prior to leaving site.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Show the customer where to get additional support if needed through our website: https://clearcaptions.com/videos/
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
If the installation has failed for any reason and the device is to be returned to ClearCaptions use the included pre-paid mailing label in the box. Update Return Tracking field with tracking number on the label. If a return is not needed enter "NA"
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Tracking (if applicable)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 1:33 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Customer cancelled install. They need a wall mounted installation. I advised them to call the phone company and have them update their jack so the phone can be installed.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 2:10 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.5 Total hours
0.5 hours
12/12/2022 at 1:04 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
12/12/2022 at 1:33 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 1:04 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
999999999
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: Na
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$65.00
Rate
$65.00
First Hour
1
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$25.00
Additional Hour
1 Max
Service Charges3
$10.35
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$65.00
Total Service Charges
$10.35
Total
$54.65
Schedule
Mon, Dec 12, 2022

Arrive at 11:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
RARITAN, NJ 08869 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
