# Work Order 1188378

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1188378  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:15:10  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1188378
On 1/30/2015
Please dispatch a technician to move the VGA cable to a different port in the kiosk. If this does not resolve the image being off-centered, please troubleshoot other possible cabling related issues.
Company: Spencer Technologies
	
Time Logged
2.82 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$67.50
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Alisha Upchurch
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Spencer Technologies
10 Trotter Drive
Medway, MA 02053
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (178137)
Title: Please dispatch a technician to move the VGA cable to a different port in the kiosk. If this does not resolve the image being off-centered, please troubleshoot other possible cabling related issues.
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description

Description:
Please dispatch a technician to move the VGA cable to a different port in the kiosk. If this does not resolve the image being off-centered, please troubleshoot other possible cabling related issues. Once troubleshooting is complete, verify that sig cap stands are secured to the cashwrap and check out with the manager.
 

View Less
Standard Instructions
Timeliness is IMPERATIVE to Spencer Technologies. Please arrive within 5 min of start time. Being late may result in pay reduction.

This section contains:

Work Order Cancelation process
Professionalism and Conduct
Appearance and Hygiene
Deliverable Penalties/Workmanship Pictures
Turn Away Fee
Late Fee(arriving late)
 
Work Order Cancelation/Questions with the Scope of Work

If you are going to be late or canceling please call 508-635-2100 opt 1 - opt 5 and follow the correct process on the Field Nation Platform. Keep a record of who you spoke to when calling
View More
Policies & Procedures
***New Policy Change- listed below for convenience**

During the term of this Agreement/work order, Contractor shall comply with all applicable statutes, laws and regulations (“Laws”), including without limitation Laws relating to labor relations, fair employ
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/22/2015 at 7:59 AM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/22/2015 at 12:41 PM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
arrived onsite and was brought to the kiosk.
The monitor displayed a defective image.
called the help desk and was sent images of the configuration and was able to remove kiosk.
troubleshooted monitor and VGA cable with my laptop.
monitor worked with new cable and the old one with laptop
however old cable did not work with thin client so I ran my hand down the VGA cable and located a 'kink" or an area of damage.

Called into Spencer HD and was referred to A & F's help desk
They will send out a new VGA cable.
No cable was onsite to replace defective one.

All sig capture devices are secured and there was only one port on the thin client. Also the kiosk was not correctly assembled. The thin client was loose in the box and the metal brackets were not attached to keep it in place. More than likely the TC fell on the cable and caused the damage. I assembled the kiosk while onsite.
Cleaned up and checked out.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/25/2015 at 3:55 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/23/2015 at 12:45 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.82 Total hours
2.82 hours
1/22/2015 at 12:41 PM(PDT)
0.09 miles from site
1/22/2015 at 3:30 PM(PDT)
36.41 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/22/2015 at 12:41 PM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$75.00
Pay Amount
$75.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges1
$7.50
Sum
Work Order Cost
$75.00
Total Service Charges
$7.50
Total
$67.50
Schedule
Thu, Jan 22, 2015

Arrive at 1:00 PM (PST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
San Francisco, CA 94103 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
