# Work Order 15099259

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15099259  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:15:15  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15099259
On 5/1/2024
POS to Tablet Upgrade
Company: Connection
	
Time Logged
5.29 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$222.87
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Katie Cichosz
	
Company Ratings 
Connection ID: 19717
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: Connection
Overall satisfaction:
 (5601)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Other
Installation
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description

We are in need of technicians to assist our client with removing old POS devices and install new iPad devices.

Position: Desktop Technician




Tasks Required: 

The deployment process will include:

Greeting the local site contact and introducing the technician(s)
Familiarizing with the local environment and the location of the equipment to be deployed and the systems/users to be refreshed
Disconnecting old system from appropriate peripherals
Removing old POS systems and bring to a secure area to store for return to Client warehouse
Bringing new equipment to it to the end-user desk
Unboxing the new equipment and setting it up
Connecting new equipment to all appropriate peripherals
Test new system to ensure connectivity, printing, etc.
Provide end-user with brief familiarization with new system
Bring old system and related peripherals/accessories back to staging area
Create a list of old system and peripheral serial numbers and send to Client
Document new equipment location within the store




Equipment to be deployed:

One (1) Dell Optiplex 7010 as a server
Four (4) Fixed iPad registers
The majority of stores have Four (4) registers
The range of registers will be from three (3) to seven (7)
Two (2) Mobile Inventory iPhones
Two (2) Overflow iPad registers




Skills Required:

​3 years of hands on experience and/or equivalent in desktop hardware/software installations, problem diagnosis and repair.
Strong knowledge of Windows.
Strong knowledge of imaging and data migration procedures.
Assist in and resolve PC related issues with the guidance of the Client Help Desk.
Ability to follow Client provided instructions for basic installs, moves, adds and changes.
Make appropriate use of technical documentation. 
Ability to speak and write clearly to ensure accurate communication.
Conduct himself/herself in a courteous, helpful and tactful manner.
Apply a systematic approach to troubleshooting and problem solving.




Tools Required:

Basic screwdriver set.
Basic drill set
Laptop




Attire:

Business casual.
Khaki's or Jeans (no rips, tears and clean).
Polo or collared shirt.
Clean sneakers or dress shoes.




Phone Policy:

Please be courteous while around the client and make/receive personal calls only when on break or lunch




Requirements for Full Payment

All tasks and deliverables must be uploaded, and WO must be marked as "Work Done," prior to technician leaving site 
If WO is not closed out by tech by the end of the day (of service), we will reach out to provide a final date/time deadline for closure, which if not met, will result in penalties or WO cancellation 




Important Information:

​Travel: Payment amount listed on this WO is an all-in rate. If provider is seeking additional compensation for travel time, due to distance from work order, this must be requested as a counter-offer, prior to assignment. If submitted post-assignment, pay increase requests for travel time will not be approved










Policies for Additional Time Required Onsite:​ Technician must call buyer contact listed in WO immediately upon realizing additional time over max hours in WO will be required. If additional time required is due to factors agreed to by buyer as outside of tech control, technician may submit request for pay increase for time onsite over max in WO. IMPORTANT: Pay increase for additional time must be requested and Approved by buyer while tech is onsite; additional time logged by tech on WO or pay increase requests will only be paid if tech obtained pre-approval from buyer POC while onsite
View Less
Standard Instructions
Note:
Work orders may not be accepted and reassigned to another Provider without Connection approval.
Provider performing the work MUST be the Provider assigned in FN. 
Terms for Travel and Expenses:

Pay increase requests for travel expenses will only be considered prior to assignment. Any travel expense not pre-approved will be refused.
Unless otherwise specified in the Work Order, tolls or Parking fees must be pre-approved and will only be eligible for reimbursement if receipt is attached to the work order when closed out.
 
Terms for Additional Time Required Onsite:

Provider must call WO Manager or Helpdesk number listed in WO immedia
View More
Policies & Procedures
ADDITIONAL STANDARD WORK ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
AND CONSULTANT CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
 
THESE ADDITIONAL STANDARD WORK ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND CONSULTANT CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (“Agreement”)
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/25/2024 at 4:33 PM(EDT)
I acknowledge that I will be rated poorly if I don't follow every task in this work order, check in and out in both FN and MS Forms, and submit my deliverables every day prior to checking out.
Completed by you on 4/29/2024 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
I, the provider agrees to check out and check in for lunch. This is not paid on behalf of the client.
Completed by you on 4/29/2024 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
The assigned provider accepting this work order must be the provider performing the work. Be prepared to show a copy of the attached badge AND a government issued ID to the point of contact each day upon request.
Completed by you on 4/29/2024 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
Download and print a copy of all attached documents including the badge and time sheet.
Completed by you on 4/29/2024 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 4/29/2024 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
On Site
Upon site arrival, check in on the CNXN - Check In &amp; Out MS form located in the "Confidential" Section of the Service Description.
Completed by you on 4/30/2024 at 12:01 AM(EDT)
Upload file of your completed time sheet, which MUST have the customer's signature.
View Photo
Completed by you on 4/30/2024 at 12:00 AM(EDT)
Upon site departure, check out on the CNXN - Check In &amp; Out MS form located in the "Confidential" Section of the Service Description.
Completed by you on 4/30/2024 at 12:01 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 4/29/2024 at 11:33 PM(EDT)
Post
Before marking the work order complete please verify time from client approved time sheet agrees with FN time you report, and clearly explain any discrepancy in the close out notes otherwise there will be a delay in approval until corrected.
Completed by you on 4/30/2024 at 12:02 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
full successful
Completed by you on 4/30/2024 at 12:02 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
5.29 Total hours
3.78 hours
4/29/2024 at 7:34 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
4/29/2024 at 11:21 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/29/2024 at 7:34 PM(EDT)
1.51 hours
4/29/2024 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
4/29/2024 at 7:27 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/29/2024 at 5:57 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
your completed time sheet, which MUST have the customer's signature. (3)
IMG_20240429_233431469.jpg(102.91 KB)
4/30/2024 at 12:00 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20240429_233507718.jpg(138.13 KB)
4/30/2024 at 12:00 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20240429_233458994.jpg(138.66 KB)
4/30/2024 at 12:00 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$264.50
Rate
$100.00
First Hours
2
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$50.00
Additional Hours
3.29 Logged / 6 Max
Service Charges2
$40.74
Taxes1
$0.89
Sum
Work Order Cost
$264.50
Total Service Charges
$40.74
Taxes
$0.89
Total
$222.87
Schedule
Mon, Apr 29, 2024

Arrive at 6:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Farmingdale, NY 11735 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
