# Work Order 4604665

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4604665  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:08:56  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4604665
On 2/9/2018
Movie Theater On Screen Ad Auditing
Company: moviequ
	
Time Logged
1.32 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$16.96
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Mariah Davis
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: moviequ
122 Merchants Path
Sag Harbor, NY 11963
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (2840)
Title: Movie Theater On Screen Ad Auditing
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	General Tasks
Service Description

movieQU and movieMEASURE is a technology company in the movie industry that helps movie studios and other industry stake holders with a variety of needs since 2012. We have multiple services that we provide to the studios for In-Theater work such as: Installations, Lobby Checks and On-Screen auditing of trailers and Ads. These projects will also be available on Field Nation.

This particular work order is for On-Screen Ad compliance in the movie theaters documenting the Ads you see on screen. We are looking for individuals in your area who would like recurring work in this space. We will be performing the On-Screen Ad Checks at least once per month. We do have other opportunities for work in the service areas mentioned above so if you enjoy doing work in the movie theater, then this is the right job for you.

Commitment

These checks are at least monthly and can take place over a three-day-period (Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday). Our first check will happen on Feb. 3rd and there will another check on February 6th through Feb. 8th. Aside from this first date, this work will always occur on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays.
There is flexibility in when you can check the ads during the work order timeframe. Ad checks can take place in any auditorium and for any unique movie at that theater. The check doesn’t have to take place first thing in the morning! Just as long as the theater(s) are checked within that three-day-frame, then you are in charge!
You will need a smart phone to do this work (iPhone or Android) and you must be familiar with navigating in mobile applications. Cellular service is required for any of our assignments. You will need to download the movieMEASURE mobile app in advance of the training.

Pre-work and Training

 There is some Pre-work to complete before you go to the theater – this Pre-work must be completed by Thursday January 25th by 5pm Eastern Standard Time. If you do not complete the Pre-work we will remove you from the Work Order with no payment.
There will be a short training video to watch on your own time that explains how to use the app and a short quiz afterward
You can then complete an optional short at home test assignment using our mobile app – this should only take 10 minutes. 
 If you do not pass the quiz of at least 70% correct, you will not be paid for this work and you will not proceed to go to the theater.

Deliverable and On Site Task

 IMPORTANT You must complete the pre-work and complete the on site audit in order to receive payment for this work order.
The requirement is to audit the Late Ad Preshow in any three auditoriums and at any show time for a unique film, but youmust do all three auditoriums in the same day. You cannot complete one auditorium one day and one auditorium the next day. If you do this, you will not receive payment.
If you space your time out well between auditoriums then the three checks can take less than one hour to complete. You would look at the showtimes at your theater over the three day period and plan to do the work with the most efficient schedule.
Each auditorium would take a maximum of 10 minutes to complete but you should allow about 20 minutes for each showtime for walking in between auditoriums.
When the Late Ad Preshow starts, you will start documenting each and every Ad that you see on screen using our sound recognition technology (similar to Shazam).
Each Ad could be around 10-15 seconds to 1 minute. There should be around 8 to 12 ads for each auditorium. 

We have other theaters in the surrounding area so you can take as many theaters as you like from the nearby work orders, as long as you can complete the theater by the deadline.

Payment

This work order payment is to complete three auditoriums at one theater, in one day. The more theaters you can audit, the more money you will earn.

 If you do not complete the scope of work exactly as stated above you will not receive payment

Recurring Work

If you can go to multiple theaters, going forward, we will route these locations to you first before publishing in the marketplace. 
We also have other theater work available throughout the month. Please reach out to us if there is other work you would like to take.
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Complete the training video - which will be sent via email
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/4/2018 at 6:10 PM(EDT)
Complete the short training quiz once the video is watched
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/4/2018 at 6:09 PM(EDT)
Download the movieMEASURE app and register an account on the app
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/4/2018 at 6:09 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/2/2018 at 1:48 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/4/2018 at 4:50 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/4/2018 at 6:09 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
no ads are playing
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/4/2018 at 6:10 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.32 Total hours
1.32 hours
2/4/2018 at 4:50 PM(EDT)
1.33 miles from site
2/4/2018 at 6:09 PM(EDT)
1.29 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/4/2018 at 4:50 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 14 days 
Learn more
Labor
$20.00
Pay Amount
$20.00
Service Charges2
$2.26
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$20.00
Total Service Charges
$2.26
Total
$16.96
Schedule
Sat, Feb 3, 2018

Arrive at 5:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
North Bergen, NJ 07047 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
