# Work Order 10967523

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10967523  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:03:12  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10967523
On 2/1/2022
Install and Training
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
	
Time Logged
1.84 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$72.04
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Melissa Kyler
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 2
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
11
Engagement
Overview
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Overall satisfaction:
 (189687)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Laptop
Equipment	Smartphone
Equipment	face mask
Equipment	surgical gloves
Type of work	Telecom / VOIP
Service Description

Assignment:

Install a Blue captioning telephone (Basic phone install) in the home of a customer with hearing loss. This job should take approximately 1 hour




Work Details:

Pre-Scheduled

Appointment has been pre-scheduled with the end user, so provider only needs to arrive at scheduled appointment to complete install
Providers are not accountable for end user no shows

Required

Check-in must be completed while onsite and the issue is reported to our Support staff

 Install

Installation will take place in the home of our end user with hearing loss. Job should take approximately 1 hour.
Once onsite follow the included installation checklist for step-by-step instructions

Training

Show the end user how to use basic phone functions such as setting up and using the answering machine

 

Deliverables (required):

Welcome Call

Complete a call from the newly installed phone to our Support staff to give the end user a chance to meet us, answer any questions, and register additional users if needed

eMRF

Use the attachment “MRF Instructions” for instructions on how to submit the eMRF electronically through eSign Live
Note: If unable to submit the eMRF report issue to ClearCaptions Support for documentation and then proceed using the physical form included with the caption telephone packaging

Process Link    

https://apps.esignlive.com/ft?token=bm83WUsxV0xJdS1MTXlaMTdkVnUwa0hQOWZnPSZ0cnVl

Consent Digital Upload

Use the attachment "Consent End Point Instructions” for instructions on how to submit the end user’s consent through the caption telephone




Travel Requirements

All travel must be submitted in a counteroffer and be pre-approved prior to assignment. We do not honor travel pay submitted after the fact.
ClearCaptions does not include travel costs for 25 miles or less from the customer’s location.
Our standard travel cost allowance does not exceed the US national average of $0.56 per mile driven. Reasonable counters will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Customer Privacy Agreement:
Reference is hereby made to the Standard Work Order Terms and Conditions of Field Nation, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, last modified December 11, 2020 (as may be amended or revised from time to time, the “Work Order Terms
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/30/2022 at 9:57 AM(EDT)
Acknowledge Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement: Please review the service description and/or the attached document titled "Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement". Complete this task to acknowledge and accept the terms prior to onsite arrival
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
Download file 2020-21 Compliance Training for Installers v1.5 (FINAL) (1).pdf
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
Review ClearCaptions FCC Compliance Training (PowerPoint attached). By marking this task as complete you are certifying you have completed and understand the provided training
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
Print and review the "Blue Installation Checklist" and "Voicemail Access Guide" attached to the work order
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
Review attached document for Consent and EMRF instructions. Confirm the steps are clear. If you have any questions please contact your work order manager for clarification prior to install date.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
Appointment confirmation call to end user to confirm arrival and phone delivery. If no answer, leave message stating you are confirming ClearCaptions phone install. Appointments have been pre scheduled with the end user so proceed as scheduled.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:56 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer login credentials, User Name &amp; User Password- Is located under Buyer Customer Fields listed as "User Name" and "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order. If unable to locate call 888.317.2703
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:57 PM(EDT)
Download file Consent End Point and MRF Instructions.pdf
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:57 PM(EDT)
Confirm you have reviewed Consent End Point and eMRF Instructions document prior to arriving onsite
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 1:58 PM(EDT)
IMPORTANT: Mark task complete confirming you understand NOT to select ClearCaptions VOICE option during registration process while on site completing the install
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:24 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 10:50 AM(EDT)
On Site
Confirm intended user of caption phone will be present for appointment. If not contact us immediately at 888.317.2703.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:25 PM(EDT)
Locate the printed "Installation Checklist". Follow guide step by step to successfully complete the install
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:25 PM(EDT)
Check and confirm new caption phone, other home telephones, extension phones, and/or internet connected devices physically plugged into the modem or router. If a device is not operational call to 866.868.8695 option 1 prior to leaving site.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:25 PM(EDT)
Confirm each step listed in the printed "Blue Installation Checklist" was followed and completed
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:25 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer Consent has been submitted through the Blue caption phone settings menu. Step by step instructions located in the Consent End Point Instruction attachment
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:25 PM(EDT)
Confirm eMRF forms have been submitted through eSign Live. Instructions and link located in the eMRF Instructions attachment
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:25 PM(EDT)
If the installation has failed for any reason and the device is to be returned to ClearCaptions use the included pre-paid mailing label in the box. Update Return Tracking field with tracking number on the label. If a return is not needed enter "NA"
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:25 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Tracking (if applicable)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:27 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Install complete
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 2:26 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.84 Total hours
1.48 hours
1/31/2022 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
1/31/2022 at 2:27 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
0.36 hours
1/31/2022 at 10:50 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
1/31/2022 at 11:11 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/31/2022 at 10:50 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
99999999999
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: Na
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$86.00
Rate
$65.00
First Hour
1
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$25.00
Additional Hour
0.84 Logged / 1 Max
Service Charges3
$13.67
Taxes1
$0.29
Sum
Work Order Cost
$86.00
Total Service Charges
$13.67
Taxes
$0.29
Total
$72.04
Schedule
Mon, Jan 31, 2022

Arrive at 10:30 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
NEW YORK, NY 10038 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
