# Work Order 6116509

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6116509  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:36:26  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6116509
On 2/5/2019
EinfachIT/Adidas - Adidas Store US, Elmhurst, NY, Queen's Center
Company: Hemmersbach US
	
Time Logged
4 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$88.70
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jose Batista
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: Hemmersbach US
Overall satisfaction:
 (14758)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description







Scope of Work: 

Issue:

The first digital wall, which is closer to the entrance is not working, showing a black screen. Seems like the screen is on, has power but no image, completely black.
In this store we have two Player PC connected to 75“ vertical screens. The Player Name oft he faulty system wasn‘t provided!
We have no remote access to these player PCs nor the server. Also MESH and Teamviewer aren’t responding for remote connection.

 

Tasks:

Change IP settings to DHCP on all three PCs:

·        USELMBCG26078VA

·        USELMBCG26078VB

·        USELMBCG26078CA

Write down the Teamviewer IDs of all three PCs
Login as Admin:
User ID: CRP_Admin
PW: CRadm1n$
Execute the file „Mesh.exe“ located on each PC: C:\InfraStorSW\<store name>\MeshAgent.exe“.
Please install MESH and all updates.
Check the connection between the HDMI/LAN Transmitter (Server Room) until the LAN/HDMI Receiver in the Store
Test the Screen (Power, Network connection)

 

 Required tools and equipment:

Screwdrivers

ESD Security Mat

Pair ​of Pliers

Language(s):    




Good English language skills in reading, writing and speech as well as local language.




View Less
Tasks
Prep
Engineer must provide email address, D.O.B., and a contact phone number for onboarding
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/3/2019 at 3:46 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/1/2019 at 2:56 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/3/2019 at 3:31 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/3/2019 at 7:31 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Change IP settings to DHCP on all three PCs:

USELMBCG26078VA-completed
10.8.246.38
USELMBCG26078VB-completed
10.8.246.41
USELMBCG26078CA-completed
10.8.246.32


Write down the Team viewer IDs of all three PCs
No Team viewer IDs;
usually the id will show when the account is configured correctly.

The three machines did not have Team viewer set up correctly.

They had a password set, but it may be a firewall issue or something on the enterprise side.
Even with a correct IP/DHCP, each install would not show a TV ID.
I set the software to connect over LAN, so the IP address should allow you to connect to fix.




Execute the file „Mesh.exe“ located on each PC: C:\InfraStorSW\<store name>\MeshAgent.exe“.
Please install MESH and all updates; COMPLETED

Check the connection between the HDMI/LAN Transmitter (Server Room) until the LAN/HDMI Receiver in the Store; COMPLETED; reseated all connections to receiver.

Power cycled and checked switch for connectivity for all computers and AV equipment: COMPLETED


Test the Screen (Power, Network connection); COMPLETED

THE MEDIA WAS WORKING ON 8VA UNTIL LOGGING INTO THE ADMIN ACCOUNT.
ONCE THE COMPUTER WAS ONLINE AND MESH UPDATES WERE INSTALLED. THE MEDIA ON THIS MACHINE STOPPED WORKING

I WAS ABLE TO START THE MEDIA ON 8VA(THE PROBLEM COMPUTER) ONCE. IT WORKED IN THE USER PROFILE ONCE, HOWEVER ONCE RESTARTED THE MEDIA WOULD NOT START.


THE “BLACK SCREEN” ISSUE IS THE SCRIPT ON STARTUP AND LOGIN FOR THE STANDARD ACCOUNT. IT KILLS EXPLORER AND STARTS THE MEDIA PLAYING. ON 8VA THE MEDIA WAS NOT STARTING AFTER EXPLORER WAS STOPPED; SO BLACK SCREEN.

THE SCRIPT NEEDS TO BE TROUBLESHOOTED REMOTELY.
TEAMVIEW WILL ALLOW OVER LAN USING WINDOWS CREDENTIALS.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/3/2019 at 7:32 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
4 Total hours
4 hours
2/3/2019 at 3:31 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
2/3/2019 at 7:31 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/3/2019 at 3:31 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
benjiman opare Signature
Collected on 2/3/2019 at 7:33 PM(EDT)
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$100.00
Rate
$25.00
Hours
4 Logged / 8 Max
Service Charges2
$11.30
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$100.00
Total Service Charges
$11.30
Total
$88.70
Schedule
Sun, Feb 3, 2019

Arrive at 4:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Elmhurst, NY 11373 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
