# Work Order 8355931

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/8355931  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:04:01  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#8355931
On 7/10/2020
Office IT Equipment Removal
Special Note to Tech: none
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
	
Time Logged
12.48 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$414.84
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Ricardo Macias
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
21
Engagement
Overview
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (63400)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Server/Storage
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Server Hardware/Software
Service Description

We need a team of 5 technicians to do this work. Pay shown is per tech so, if you have multiple techs on your team, please say so in the messages of this work order so we can adjust the pay for you and your team -all must have a verifiable background check!!




See Confidential Information Section of this Work Order on access instructions to get into the building.







Scope of Work:

﻿LTL CARRIER WILL DROP OFF EMPTY PALLETS, GAYLORDS, BUBBLE WRAP, AND SHRINK WRAP AT THE LOADING DOCK ON THE MORNING OF YOUR ARRIVAL SO BE PREPARED TO TRANSFER THE MATERIALS TO THE 20TH AND 21ST FLOORS AS NEEDED. THEY WILL THEN PICK UP THE PALLETS UP EQUIPMENT THE FOLLOWING DAY, BUT THEY WILL PICK THE PALLETS UP FROM THE 20TH AND 21ST FLOORS SO DO NOT BRING THEM DOWN TO THE LOADING DOCK.

Work with the designated Lead Tech to properly count, safely pack, and palletize the equipment on the attached list. Equipment will need to be safely packed onto pallets, shrink wrapped, and staged near the freight elevator so that the Trucking Company can come in to begin transporting the pallets down the elevator and loading the pallets into their truck.

PC's should be loaded onto pallets by standing them upright rather so that 20 units fit on each layer. There should be 2 layers on each pallet with each layer of PCs facing perpendicular to the previous layer to provide the best overall support and to avoid any shift/wobble in-transit. See attached pictures for examples.

Use the Gaylord containers to safely pack the Monitors and make sure you have the screens facing each other to avoid damage to the screens. You can also put any miscellaneous parts into any other available Gaylord containers.

Equipment in the Server Room will also need to be palletized,BUT the customer is still migrating data from them so we need to palletize these last (or we may need to return the following morning so be prepared to return the following morning, if needed, as we'll need to have all of this done by NOON if we bleed into Thursday). Otherwise, the pallets must be finalizedbefore 5PM on Wednesday! Be mindful of damaging the equipment while packing and loading the stuff in.




1) Technician to count and take note of the equipment packed up for shipment. Please print the Inventory list that is attached to the work order.  

2) Technician MUST fill out the inventory list of all equipment remove from the site.​

3) Technician will need to report/record any damaged equipment with photos.




Deliverables:

Signed Work Order

Pictures of the staged pallets

Completed Inventory Sheet

IMPORTANT: If there is any equipment that you are asked to pack-up that is not on the list, please inform the WO Manager immediately. Also, if there is any IT Equipment that is NEW IN BOX and is not on the list, notify the WO Manager immediately.




Required Tools:

Face Mask

Smartphone to take and upload pictures

Dolly or push cart (highly recommended)




DO NOT PACK THESE ITEMS:

HP DesignJet T2500

Toshiba E-Studio 4505AC

View Less
Standard Instructions
Amidst the efforts to control the spread of the corona virus, we are concerned for your health as well as those of your loved ones and our customers. In an effort to promote that we ask that you all take the following steps at a minimum.
 

Practice proper Social Distancing, as directed by the CDC.

Do not take any work if you are ill or have early warning signs of an infection.
If you have recently been or are infected, do not take any work for at least 2 weeks.
Wash your hands as often as is practical and always before or as soon as you enter a customers location.
Carry a clean box of tissues to use if you sneeze
View More
Policies & Procedures
If you need to cancel a work order with less than 24 hours notice please call the DataMax Project Manager AND send a message.

Identify yourself as a DataMax Services tech to everyone you communicate with throughout this work order!

Print a copy of your work order and bring
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/30/2020 at 6:30 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/1/2020 at 8:20 AM(EDT)
Collect signature from Collect a signature
View Signature
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/3/2020 at 3:26 PM(EDT)
Upload file of Completed inventory list with any QTY variances annotated.
Download File
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/3/2020 at 3:07 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of the Staged Pallets
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/3/2020 at 3:23 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/3/2020 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
two days of packing. The a rather large section of the office was withheld until the next day as you know. The supplies shipped are deficient. There is a need for 3-4 more pallets, corresponding number of bins, bubble wrap.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/3/2020 at 3:25 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Special Note to TechBe Clear and Concise!
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
12.48 Total hours
1 hour
7/3/2020 at 1:30 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
7/3/2020 at 2:30 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/3/2020 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
3.33 hours
7/2/2020 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
7/2/2020 at 12:50 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/2/2020 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
3.73 hours
7/1/2020 at 1:16 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
7/1/2020 at 5:00 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/1/2020 at 1:38 PM(EDT)
4.42 hours
7/1/2020 at 8:19 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
7/1/2020 at 12:45 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/1/2020 at 8:20 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Before and After pictures (3)
IMG_20200702_143123990.jpg(2.71 MB)
7/3/2020 at 3:24 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20200702_143113348.jpg(2.3 MB)
7/3/2020 at 3:23 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
6153228471.jpg(183.78 KB)
7/3/2020 at 3:23 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (2)
wo71.pdf(17.35 KB)
7/3/2020 at 3:25 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
wo72.pdf(18.68 KB)
7/3/2020 at 3:25 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Completed inventory list with any QTY variances annotated. (3)
MODELLS .xlsx(11.84 KB)
7/5/2020 at 11:54 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
inventory1.pdf(15.22 KB)
7/3/2020 at 3:25 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
inventory0.pdf(17.45 KB)
7/3/2020 at 3:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
no signature on file in app. signature was acquired on hard copy work order Signature
Collected on 7/3/2020 at 3:26 PM(EDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$425.00
Pay Amount
$425.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
8
Additional Charges1
$150.00
Penalties1
$106.25
Service Charges2
$53.91
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$468.75
Total Service Charges
$53.91
Total
$414.84
Schedule
Wed, Jul 1, 2020

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York City, NY 10008 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
