# Work Order 306784

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/306784  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 15:54:40  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
25
Paid#306784
On 8/24/2012
Home Depot Router Swap
Company: LMI Systems
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$34.65
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Thomas Edmondson
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: LMI Systems
Overall satisfaction:
 (85961)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description
This work order is for a router upgrade. Technician will be responsible for replacing a NetGate router with a new FortiGate router. Technician MUST arrive at Home Depot at exactly 9:30 p.m on the scheduled date. due to strict Home Depot policy. Check the public AT&T wireless on your laptop and verify that this is functioning properly. Once the Home Depot manager closes out their registers, the technician will call for verification to continue with router replacement. Technician will then take pictures of existing NetGate setup (front and back with visible link lights). The technician will have a network diagram to follow and an IDG attached to this WO) with step by step process. The actual physical process to replace the routers should only take about 20-30 minutes. Additional time will be necessary for check in and check out calls and possible router configuration troubleshooting. Once the routers are changed out, technician will call Home Depot IT and verify that the internal network is working and also call At&T to verify that they can see the new router. Then, the technician will check public AT&T wireless again. Take pictures with the new FortiGate router in place (front and back with visible link lights). Technician will then fill out work order and will also have the Home Depot manager sign off on the Customer Release form (attached to this WO). Gather all documentation and pictures and upload them to the URL that will be sent to you via email once the WO is accepted. Required tools:
Laptop with Windows 7 with Putty installed.
USB to serial console cable and device to take clear pictures of the process.
Device to check Home Depot's public AT&T wireless.
Label maker to relabel patch cables with new FortiGate device
View Less
Standard Instructions
To All Field Technicians,
In an effort to do everything in our power to protect us, our clients and the people on our job sites we want to point out a few very important practices.

If you are not feeling well do not come to work. Inform your LMI team member immediately.
While on the jobsite, keep as much space as possible between yourself and other people.
Do not share tools, pens, gloves, etc. Work with your own equipment.
Keep your hands clean.
Mask and gloves are recommended.
 
We will continue to monitor CDC guidance and news releases and other events and remain diligent in ensuring the safety of each one of you.  As events develop, we will continue to communicate with you regarding our readiness and further steps, if needed.
View More
Policies & Procedures
Policies & Procedures 2023
LMI Systems Inc.

Terms and Conditions
“Policies & Procedures”




Only the assigned Technicia
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
There are no tasks in this category.
Post
Enter closeout notes
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
8/20/2012 at 10:25 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (4)
nj transit lodi nj.jpeg(251.67 KB)
8/21/2012 at 5:00 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
homedepot932sthornton2.jpeg.jpeg(374.26 KB)
8/21/2012 at 4:56 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
homedepot932sthornton.jpeg(677.24 KB)
8/21/2012 at 4:56 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
csahomedepot932.jpeg(1.01 MB)
8/21/2012 at 4:55 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 8 days 
Learn more
Labor
$30.00
Rate
$30.00
Hours
5 Max
Additional Charges1
$8.50
Service Charges1
$3.85
Sum
Work Order Cost
$38.50
Total Service Charges
$3.85
Total
$34.65
Schedule
Mon, Aug 20, 2012

Arrive at 9:30 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Cannot Find Location
Verify the provided address is correct.
Work order site
LODI, NJ 07644 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
