# Work Order 15809540

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15809540  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:16:26  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Cancelled#15809540
On 9/12/2024
Phone Deployment
Company: Greenbrier Government Solutions
	
Schedule: Hard Start
9/16/2024 at 10:00 AM(EDT)
	
Manchester, NH 03104 US
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Rebecca Johnson
Print
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Greenbrier Government Solutions
Overall satisfaction:
 (215)
Work Experience
Type of work:
VoIP-SIP
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Site survey
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check in the last 24 months
Drug Test	Must have passed a drug test in the last 12 months
Service Description

Scope of work: 

We are assisting with a phone refresh in Veteran Affairs Medical Centers (VAMCs) and clinics throughout the country. What this means is we go through the whole facility to physically swap out old phones with new Cisco phones such as the Cisco 8841 IP phone.

We will provide training on how to deploy these new phones including how to track which phones have been/need to be swapped, unboxing new phones, how to forward the legacy phone, remove the legacy phone, install the new phone, program the new phone with the correct extension using on-screen prompts as well as troubleshooting any issues they will face.




Requirements:

required to have a cell phone.

physically able to walk the hospitals (upwards of 6 miles a day) while keeping track of what phones have been swapped out

need to be able to communicate with staff to explain what will be taking place (nothing too in depth; just a heads up to the staff that their phone will be swapped out and that they may lose their internet connection briefly). 

over the age of 18 with no felonies nor record of domestic abuse.

Valid identification required. Driver’s license preferred. Passport will work as well.

 

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
On Site
Call *************** regarding Call Rebecca Johnson when onsite for daily meet
Check in
Check out
Post
Enter closeout notes
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
No time has been logged on this work order.
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
A cancellation fee has been applied.
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$35.00
Rate
$35.00
Hours
10 Max
Service Charges1
$3.00
Sum
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
Total Service Charges
$3.00
Total
$27.00
Schedule
Mon, Sep 16, 2024

Arrive at 10:00 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 10 hours to complete

Updated by Tabitha Locascio. Show details
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Manchester, NH 03104 US
Governmental
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
