# Work Order 1253813

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1253813  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:20:32  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1253813
On 3/27/2015
Monitor Replacement
Company: Resource Solutions Group Inc.
	
Time Logged
7.62 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$135.18
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Theresa Cooke
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: Resource Solutions Group Inc.
18801 N Dale Mabry Hwy.
#138
Lutz, FL 33548
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (15289)
Title: Monitor Replacement
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Networking
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Networking
Service Description


Monitor Refresh project 2 technicians per site 1 Lead & 1 Junior
  2 to 4 Hours 


Scope:  Techs are to arrive at Testing Centers to deploy new monitors.  Techs will use new monitor cables that came with equipment.  Old monitors are to be packaged in the boxes that the new monitors came in and placed in area designated by Prometric staff.  All equipment cables are to be properly dressed, work areas cleaned up, and trash placed in area designated by Prometric staff.  Techs will test new monitors using plan provided with Prometric staff.   Tools:
Laptop with Microsoft excel (Lead tech)
Cell Phone +Charger
Phillips and flathead screwdriver (recommend low powered drill/screw gun as well)
Scissors to cut Velcro for cable dressing


Attire: Business Casual.  Khakis pants, polo shirt and dress shoes
View Less
Standard Instructions
All deliverables are required to be received and processed by our client in order for the work order to be considered complete. Work orders with incomplete or missing deliverables will result in a payment halt until the deliverables have been received and processed. 

Full SOW instructions will be sent via email and will contain all of the information necessary, as well as further information regarding on-site procedures and deliverables.

All expenses must be pre-approved, unless noted otherwise.
Policies & Procedures
When dealing with our client’s command center, you are representing Resource Solutions Group, Inc. It is absolutely critical that you present yourself as a technician hired and deployed by Resource Solutions Group, Inc. in any and all interactions with the Insight command center. Any
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/12/2015 at 11:27 AM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/18/2015 at 6:22 PM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
site had 28 monitors
second tech was late to site, hours late.
second tech had issues with the asset sheetsheet, she refused to do tthe sheet. She refused to do anything correctly. She just kept messing up work and trying to linger around in an attempt to set me up to be sexually assaulted. She is a sex trafficker. She even made a statement glorifying prostitution and trafficking in some ad nauseum attempt to profit off my explotation. She should be removed if she is an actual technician on this site. Sex Trafficking is a felony.
second tech rebooted machines and site manager had to rerun demo for seven machines, she kept sabatoging work.
emailed deliverables to command center, I had to complete second sheet and second tech refused to type in first "unless I read it outload " to her.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/19/2015 at 12:34 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/19/2015 at 2:39 AM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.62 Total hours
7.62 hours
3/18/2015 at 4:23 PM(PDT)
GPS unavailable
3/19/2015 at 12:00 AM(PDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$152.40
Rate
$20.00
Hours
7.62 Logged / 7.62 M...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges2
$17.22
Sum
Work Order Cost
$152.40
Total Service Charges
$17.22
Total
$135.18
Schedule
Wed, Mar 18, 2015

Arrive at 6:00 PM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
San Bruno, CA 94066 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
