# Work Order 4855646

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4855646  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:14:44  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4855646
On 4/17/2018
Replace IPAD for Kiosk in a Retail Store - SMART PHONE REQUIRED
Company: iTEK Services, INC
	
Time Logged
2.92 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$81.78
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jonathan Thornton
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
6
Engagement
Overview
Company: iTEK Services, INC
Overall satisfaction:
 (45798)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Kiosk
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Kiosk
Service Description

READ THE ENTIRE WORK ORDER BEFORE ACCEPTING. YOU WILL BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL DELIVERABLES. PLEASE DO NOT ACCEPT WORK IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUS COMMITMENTS RESULTING IN AN ETA CONFLICT. WORK ORDER MAY NOT BE RESCHEDULED. IN THE EVENT THE TECHNICIAN CANNOT MAKE IT TO SITE OR IS DELAYED, iTEK MUST BE CALLED IMMEDIATELY AND PROVIDED THE UPDATE.


NOTE: If you have performed service on the Kohl's kiosks before,this is a NEW Kohl's Kiosk. READ ALL THE DETAILS.




PROBLEM DESCRIPTION:

PLEASE REPLACE (IPAD KIT) ON (CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT). TECH MUST CONTACT STORE SYSTEMS-OPERATIONS 323-781-2486 PRIOR TO REPLACEMENT AND VERIFY ONCE ONLINE. 

SNO: DLXV72MBJ263


PRIMARY AFFECTED PERIPHERAL:

[X] iPAD

[  ] MX915 Pin Pad

[  ] USB Hub

[  ] Scanner (Code Reader)

[  ] HP Laserjet Printer *Always leave the ground cable*

You may be asked to troubleshoot other peripherals inside the kiosk, but above is the primary issue and you will be sent replacement or parts for the unit above. 

IBM TICKET NUMBER:

L1DWCC


iTEK REQUEST ID NUMBER:

4905222




PROJECT NUMBER:

835

Equipment and Tracking

We are shipping equipment to site. Tracking will be entered into the Messages or Shipment Tracking section under the Payment and Approval tab, for the technician to view by the morning of the service date. Please confirm tracking before heading to site, DO NOT arrive prior to the parts arrival. If the technician goes to site without verifying delivery of the unit they will not be paid for additional time onsite or for a return trip to site to complete the work.
 You MUST download, print, fill out, and return the appropriate Parts Return Form for the peripheral marked above. (Attached to this work order) It MUST be included with the parts you are returning.
Technician is REQUIRED to remove the defective equipment and/or any unused parts from site, package with the completed equipment/part usage form, and drop them off at a local shipping location using the label provided to them within 24 hours. Get a drop off receipt or record the return tracking number for entry on the work order.



Do to the nature of the business and end user, there are very strict guidelines that must be followed:

- COMMUNICATION is of the utmost importance with this client. If you have a question or issue, follow the ESCALATION PROCEDURE.

Must update the web update site as outlined below.
Have experience working with, repairing, and maintaining Windows PCs and peripherals (printers, scanners, networking)
Have the following tools:
Internet Enabled Smartphone (Android, iPhone, or Windows Mobile) or Mobile Internet Access (Laptop/Tablet with wireless internet connection)
Basic Technician Tools
Multi Meter
Cell Phone
Digital Camera
Small Vacuum
Canned Air
USB Keyboard
USB Mouse
T9 Screwdriver (For Printer's the ground cable)

KOHL'S SUPPORT DESK HOURS KOHL'S SUPPORT IS NOW OPEN FROM 4 AM TO 4 PM PACIFIC TIME. TECH'S MAY NOT GO TO SITE OUTSIDE OF THOSE HOURS.




*TECHS ARE REQUIRED TO GET THE NAME OF THE KOHLS SUPPORT REP THAT RELEASED THEM FROM SITE UPON CHECK OUT.*




The tech should always call the Kohls support number provided in the PROBLEM DESCRIPTION first.If after 6 pm Central M-F or on the weekends call (262) 703-1515 and select options (in order) 1-3-6, to page the on call person.  Kohl's will have a team member on call and the expectation is that they call back within 15 minutes.

 Please call Kohls Support, EOC Store Systems at 323-781-2486. 

*Note* For calls in which we ship a full PC,please swap the entire PC. Kohls has asked our techs in the past to remove hard drives and system boards from new PC's we shipped, but tech should simply swap out the entire PC instead.




Work Order Instructions

Download, print, and bring with you to site: sign off form, appropriate parts return form, and ipad kiosk scanner configuration form.
When en route, update the web update site. (directions below)
Upon arrival, update the web update site. (directions below)
Technician will introduce themselves to the Manager on Duty or site contact as the iTEK technician there to work on the kiosk.
Technician will perform service on kiosk. (Replacement or repair on site. Depending on the model and severity of issue.)
When servicing kiosk tech will need to perform a basic PM on machine. This will include:
Cleaning the card reader
Vacuum out around the printer
Clean the screen with windex
Tech should vacuum the inside and make sure kiosk is clear of dust and debris
Tech MUST call Kohls support to check out from site at (See problem description for correct check out #).
Tech MUST record Kohls rep that they check out with.
If technician is unable to get equipment COMPLETELY functional, inform Kohl’s Support of any open issues and parts/peripherals required. Then follow the ESCALATION  PROCEDURE below to update iTEK.
If the equipment is deemed to be DOA, follow the DOA Procedure below.
Technician will clean up the peripherals of any dust and debris. (Using compressed air and vacuum)
Technician will take photos of working equipment.
Technician will perform a test of the unit with the manager or point of contact.
If the technician is asked to work on any other equipment, technician must politely inform the requester, that they will need to get approval first and the technician must follow the ESCALATION procedure below to get approval.
Once service is complete, completely fill out the Sign Off form attached and have the manager sign off on it.
Upon completion, contact iTEK Services to check out at 949-770-4835 ext 6501
Technician is REQUIRED to complete the form included with equipment/part outlining what parts were used and unused.
 Take defective equipment off site and ship it using the return label. Update the work order with the return tracking number.
Technician will fax sign off sheet to 949-334-6052 or scan and e-mail to tech@itekservice.com with assignment number in the subject line within 24 hours of service completion.
E-mail photos to tech@itekservice.com with assignment number in the subject line within 24 hours of service completion.
Close work order and provide description of the issue with defective equipment IN FULL DETAIL in closing notes. NO ONE LINE CLOSING NOTES.
 TECH MUST USE THE ITEK GENERIC SIGN-OFF FORM ATTACHED TO THIS WORK ORDER.
 TECH MUST INCLUDE THE APPROPRIATE PARTS RETURN FORM WITH THE RETURNED PARTS/EQUIPMENT.
 IF A RETURN LABEL IS MISSING PLEASE CALL ITEK TO REQUEST A NEW ONE.
 IF PARTS ARE LEFT ON SITE FOR ANY REASON TECH WILL BE REQUIRED TO RETURN TO PICK THEM UP FOR NO ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION.

Payment

$60 flat rate for up to 2 hours on site

$35 each additional hour (pro-rated)

Site Aborts where technician does not go to site, but within 24 hrs $30.00.

Site Abort with technician onsite – determined by time spent at site.

Cancellation with more than 24 hrs notice Pay $0.

We will pay the cost of any parts purchased by the technician ifapproved before hand by the iTEK help desk.




Payment will be approved after the following:

- Sign Off sheet is faxed to 949-334-6052 or scanned and e-mailed to tech@itekservice.com (and confirmed received)

- Photos are e-mailed to tech@itekservice.com

- Once equipment is confirmed as received back to iTEK.

View Less
Standard Instructions

General Work Instructions (more detailed instructions will be in the work order description)

Upon accepting the work order, message the Work Order Manager with your current e-mail address that you can access from your smartphone.
You will receive an iTEK work order with a link to the status update page that you will be required to update during the process. (If you are doing multiple locations, each location will have an individual e-mail and link)
Upon arrival, use the link provided in the e-mailed work order check in.
Introduce yourself to the manager on duty or site contact as the technician there to perform the services listed in the work order.
Perform the services detailed above.
Take down the serial numbers of any equipment you worked with on the sign off sheet.
If you techn
View More
Policies & Procedures
Payment
Payment will not be approved until:

Sign Off sheet is uploaded on the work order or faxed to 949-334-6052 or scanned and e-mailed to tech@itekservice.com (and confirmed received)
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 5:43 PM(EDT)
Download, print, and bring to site APPROPRIATE PARTS RETURN FORM
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/12/2018 at 7:46 PM(EDT)
Download, print, and bring to site SIGN OFF FORM
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/13/2018 at 12:01 PM(EDT)
Download, print, and bring to site IPAD KIOSK SCANNER CONFIGURATION PDF
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/13/2018 at 12:01 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/13/2018 at 2:28 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding to work with Kohl's support. Record the representatives name.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/13/2018 at 10:00 PM(EDT)
Enter custom field
Enter custom field
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/13/2018 at 5:23 PM(EDT)
Post
describe the issue with defective equipment IN FULL DETAIL in closing notes.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/14/2018 at 5:23 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
ARRVED ONSITE AND HAD TO WAIT FOR THE IPADTHE NEW ONE WAS LOCATED AND i PROCEED TO CALL INTO THE KOHLS HELP DESKSWAPPED DEVICE THEN WAS INSTRUCTED TO GET A MANAGER TO LOG IN ONCE A MANAGER LOGGED INTO THE MANAGER/ADMIN SECTION, NAZIA AND I PROCEEDED TO CONFIGURE DEVICE. ALL WAS CONFIGURED BUT THE PIN PAD. IT WILL NOT PAIR.   NAZIA ESCALATED THE ISSUE AND RELEASED ME FROM THE SITE WITH EVERYTHING ELSE ACCOMPLISHED.  THE PICK UP FROM STORE APP WAS INSTALLED WHICH WAS THE ISSUE.  INFORMED THE ASST MANAGER THAT THE PIN PAD DID NOT WORK BUT EVERYTHING ELSE WAS OPERATIONAL. CHECKED OUT AND LEFT.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/14/2018 at 5:27 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.92 Total hours
2.92 hours
4/13/2018 at 2:28 PM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
4/13/2018 at 5:23 PM(EDT)
0.07 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/13/2018 at 2:28 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
IMG_20180416_1810283.jpg(3.21 MB)
4/16/2018 at 6:12 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
CLIFTON SIGN OFF SHEET.pdf(82.52 KB)
4/14/2018 at 5:28 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
UPS
1Z7F8Y060142577716
Shipping to site
Delivered Apr 13, 2018
Description: IPAD PRO
Added by Jonathan Thornton
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$92.20
Pay Amount
$92.20
Service Charges2
$10.42
Sum
Work Order Cost
$92.20
Total Service Charges
$10.42
Total
$81.78
Schedule
Fri, Apr 13, 2018

Arrive at 2:25 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
CLIFTON, NJ 07014 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
