# Work Order 1474204

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1474204  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:36:32  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1474204
On 2/9/2016
HDD Swap & Configure/MEMORY REPLACEMENT
Company: Tech Data (Formerly Avnet, Inc)
	
Time Logged
8.37 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$93.28
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Shane Gunderson
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
21
Engagement
Overview
Company: Tech Data (Formerly Avnet, Inc)
Overall satisfaction:
 (4711)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Computer Name         WIN-FA159SDCCG7
Model                          HP 600 G1 I3-4130
Serial Number             MXL4440XK2            
 
 
SO:                              4238098
Parts Ordered:
HD-500/7200/S           GENERIC 500GB 7200RPM SATA HARD DRIVE
D/8G-DDR3-1600       GENERIC 8GB PC12800 DDR3 1600MHZ DIMM
 
***Allstate Order***
Please image for model HP ProDesk 600 G1
 
Tech Instructions:
 
 
Login onsite:
Upon site arrival, you must call the Avnet Technical Support Team at 866-267-3100 Option 2 then Option 2 to report time of arrival.
 
Troubleshooting and part installation:
Tech to troubleshoot system before replacing any parts. Use parts as needed. When a Hard Drive is replaced or a PC Reset needs to be performed, tech must back up all user data from the old Hard Drive if it is accessible. Once the new hard drive is installed, or the reset has been performed, set up the system to Allstate compliance standards as outlined in the ADR Tech Guide provided. Reconnect existing peripherals and confirm proper operation of the devices. If a Motherboard is replaced, enter the correct Time/Date, Asset Tag, and Serial Number into the UEFI BIOS and save.
 
Lenovo Motherboards:
Thinkcentre systems, if Bitlocker is enabled on the system, you need to suspend Bitlocker before running the BIOS update, The systems will trigger the Bitlocker Recovery key screen on the next boot if this step is not performed.
 
1.   Download the Flash UEFI BIOS update (Flash from operating system version) from http://support.lenovo.com/ and run the EXE file to unpack the files.
 
2.   Open an Administrative command prompt, navigate to the folder where the files were unpacked and run “flash.cmd” command.
 
3.   You will be prompted to enter the serial number (8 characters) and then the MTM (10 characters), if needed. 
 
4.   Once SN and MTM information is entered, the BIOS update will proceed and then prompt for a reboot.  Once rebooted, the SN and MTM should be set properly.
 
ThinkPad systems, Use the Lenovo Hardware Maintenance Tool Legacy and the Lenovo Hardware Maintenance Tool UEFI. Check the option “CSM Legacy Boot/Mode”, it is labeled different on every machine. Change it to “UEFI. You must use a USB 2.0 Thumb Drive for this process. This will be creating a bootable USB. This must be created using a Win XP or Win 7 system.
 
Login and Re-enabled Bitlocker on the system. Print out the BitLocker Recovery Key. Check to see if it is different from the original Key. Give it to the Agent and inform the Agent to update the CDW Technology Store with the updated key if needed.
 
 
HP Motherboards - Invalid Chassis Serial Number:
Tap ESC (start up menu), Select F10 to go into Bios. Enter the correct Time/Date. Go into Security, System IDs, Enter the Asset Tag and Serial Number, save, Reboot. This process can be repeated multiple times before it allows the change.
 
Access the Surface Pro 3 BIOS:
Make sure the Surface Pro device is turned off. Hold the volume-up button. Press and release the power button. When the Surface logo appears, release the volume-up button. The Surface UEFI firmware interface screen will be displayed and you can make changes.
 
Reset Process:
In the case a system reset is needed. Tech to Either Press F11 at start up or press the Power button at the Windows login screen or in the Settings charm. Then, press and hold the SHIFT key on your keyboard and click Restart. Windows asks you to choose an option. Press Troubleshoot. In the Troubleshoot screen, press Advanced Options. Press RESET your system. After reset you must perform a Retrofit on the system.  Go to http://gatewaysupport.allstate.com/ag_support_new_pc_setup.htm and locate the NEW PC Setup tab. Install all listed software. Java must have the 32 bit version installed. Install the IBM Endpoint Manager from http://gatewaysupport.allstate.com/iem_aca.htm. Enter the Booth Code in the Location Code Tagger. After all software is installed, follow the Retrofit procedure from the ADR Tech Guide. Call in to 866-267-3100 for additional help if needed.
 
 
BitLocker instructions:
*** YOU MUST PRINT THE BITLOCKER RECOVERY KEY AND GIVE IT TO THE AGENT. THE AGENT MUST UPDATE THE CDW TECHNOLOGY STORE WITH THE UPDATED KEY. ***
 
Set / enable Bitlocker Encryption
 
1.   WIN + R [control] (Control Panel)
2.   System & security > BitLocker Encryption Options (this opens the BitLocker Encryption Options application).
3.   Select “Turn on Bitlocker” (BitLocker Drive Encryption setup dialog box opens)
4.   Print out Bitlocker Key, document the system Serial# and Asset Tag on the form and leave it with the Agent or Office Manager
5.   Select “Encrypt entire drive” option
6.   Skip the “Run Bitlocker check”
*** Tech does not need to stay for the Encryption process once it has started. ***
 
 
Close out:
Upon completion, you must call the Avnet Technical Support Team at 866-267-3100 Option 2 then Option 2 to close the call before leaving site. Provide the TSR the return waybill for the parts shipped. Sometimes there will be more than one return waybill. Return all parts with the provided waybills. The waybill provided in the box must be used to for that specific part. If no waybill is provided advise the representative so that one can be sent to you for your part returns. Do not leave any parts onsite after completion of work. Make sure your work area is clean before leaving.
 
 

View Less
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/22/2015 at 12:43 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/24/2015 at 10:41 AM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
Computer had a substandard usb to vga adapter
I called in and informed dispatch and was advised to troubleshoot issue.
Rolled back HDD and brought pc into compliance to Allstate standards.
Group policy for computer locked out windows update and once updates started they delayed completion.
I had to wait until reboots to install each software package.
BitLocker was activated and hdd was re-encrypted.

OS and compliance met, printer and scanner installed.

Julianna Kader was onsite, however, she signed for the agent. I did not notice this until after I had left.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/26/2015 at 2:59 PM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/5/2015 at 1:48 PM(PDT)
Call *************** regarding or 800-558-9400 to close with call center
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/26/2015 at 3:00 PM(PDT)
Enter shipping details for part(s) to be retunred
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
8.37 Total hours
8.37 hours
7/24/2015 at 10:40 AM(PDT)
0.12 miles from site
7/24/2015 at 7:02 PM(PDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 7/24/2015 at 10:41 AM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
20160127_111556.jpg(4.81 MB)
1/27/2016 at 11:37 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
20160127_111658.jpg(4.63 MB)
1/27/2016 at 11:36 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
FedEx
613637791368
Shipping from site
Shipment unavailable
Description: part(s) to be retunred
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Signatures
Donna Zueger Signature
Collected on 9/21/2015 at 2:23 PM(PDT)
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 5 days 
Learn more
Labor
$110.00
Pay Amount
$110.00
Service Charges2
$12.43
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$110.00
Total Service Charges
$12.43
Total
$93.28
Schedule
Fri, Jul 24, 2015

Arrive at 11:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Bainbridge Island, WA 98110 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
