# Work Order 3339421

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/3339421  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:49:07  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#3339421
 Bundled: 1 of 2
On 2/3/2017
EMV Refresh
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
2.5 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$44.35
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Delena Arwood
	
Company Ratings 
PIVITAL ID: 8067
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
21
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

The scope of the project is to migrate the REMO tablets to use the EMV scanner (Bluetooth), re-enroll device in MobileIron, and upgrade all IOS to current version.
New EMV kits have been shipped to the stores for those needing the hardware upgrade.

Bridge 1: Troubleshooting/Support: TMO Support: +1 504 638 9179 Access code: 598 590 543
Bridge 2 Pivital G techs: Check-out only: TMO Support: +1 504 638 9179 Access code: 596 618 566






Print out the attached word document before going onsite and make sure you are able to access the 2 pdf documents on your device or else print them also.
Follow the steps in the word document.
All legacy scanners and cases must be packaged and shipped to the Washburn Depot.
Site checkout is mandatory
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-The requesting provider must be the
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/17/2017 at 9:08 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/30/2017 at 10:02 AM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Access code 255-029-554 - to check out and for support questions.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/30/2017 at 12:32 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/30/2017 at 12:32 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
upgraded Reno 1 and 2. charging station is not working. tmobile's internal tech was adamant that I had to fix the shipped out remos. referred everything to Carlos on the support bridge and passed info to supervisor.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/30/2017 at 2:34 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.5 Total hours
2.5 hours
1/30/2017 at 10:02 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
1/30/2017 at 12:32 PM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/30/2017 at 10:02 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Melanie nieves Signature
Collected on 1/30/2017 at 12:34 PM(EDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$50.00
Rate
$20.00
Hours
2.5 Logged / 5 Max
Service Charges2
$5.65
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$50.00
Total Service Charges
$5.65
Total
$44.35
Schedule
Mon, Jan 30, 2017

Arrive at 10:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
NEW YORK, NY 10040 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
