# Work Order 12330600

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12330600  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:06:09  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12330600
On 10/26/2022
Deskside support backup
Company: Akkodis, formerly Modis
	
Time Logged
13.99 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$530.43
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Zo Ratsiatandra
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
11
Engagement
Overview
Company: Akkodis, formerly Modis
Overall satisfaction:
 (3437)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Troubleshooting
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Date range: October 17th till October 24th

Duration: Friday 17th 1pm till 5pm

Monday 18th - Friday 21st: 8 am till 5pm with 1h break

Monday 24th: 8am till 5pm with 1h break

We are looking for deskside support technician to backfill for our resident technicians whenever they will be off. This WO is for training and site familiarization.

The below is a general description of the activities that will be undertaken regarding Desktop Support Services.

a) IMAC: Physically install, move (only for desktops), add, change and de-install Devices

b) On Site Software Support: Provides problem diagnosis and resolution of Software functionality for both the Operating System and the standard desktop applications 

c) VIP support: Provides Client named critical employees with VIP support

d) Hardware break fix: Technical diagnosis and replacement of defective hardware for Devices including either the enhanced warranty support or post-warranty support parameters

e) Hand & Eyes Support: Supplier will provide basic Hand’s & Eyes Support on Servers & Network equipment at dispatch sites will be treated as project requests. All Hand’s & Eyes requests at resident supported sites will be treated as projects outside regular business hours, weekends and holidays.

Please fill out the attached covid-19 waiver form and send back to us prior to the site visit date as it is a site access requirement.

Support contact:

****** ******

*****

**********************

*****

************

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visithttps://www.modis.com/en-us/candidate-privacy/

The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2022 at 8:45 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/18/2022 at 9:04 AM(EDT)
On Site
Late
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 10/19/2022 at 4:58 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I was illegally asked to leave because I had a conversation that only included my request to call me “ma’am” as opposed to the gendered “hun” and stated my 8-9 year experience with performing moves. My dismissal was retaliation for my exercising of my rights as a person on a worksite and Zo confirmed that I didn’t act in any way that was unprofessional. I was just too fast in my work process and she wanted to use gendered terms to address me and did not want to provide the necessary tools required to complete a task. My contract was broken illegal under NYC law and this contract falls under NYC law. Clients are worksites in NYC and contractors have these protections guarding the execution of contracts. Clients cannot interfere with contracts in an exercise of retaliation.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/20/2022 at 1:28 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
13.99 Total hours
2.43 hours
10/19/2022 at 2:32 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
10/19/2022 at 4:58 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/19/2022 at 2:32 PM(EDT)
5.05 hours
10/19/2022 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
10/19/2022 at 1:05 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/19/2022 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
3.26 hours
10/18/2022 at 1:21 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
10/18/2022 at 4:37 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/18/2022 at 1:21 PM(EDT)
3.25 hours
10/18/2022 at 9:04 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
10/18/2022 at 12:20 PM(EDT)
0.24 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/18/2022 at 9:04 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$629.55
Rate
$45.00
Hours
13.99 Logged / 44 Ma...
Requested Pay Change Denied
$1980.00
Service Charges4
$96.95
Taxes1
$2.17
Sum
Work Order Cost
$629.55
Total Service Charges
$96.95
Taxes
$2.17
Total
$530.43
Schedule
Tue, Oct 18, 2022

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 44 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
New York, NY 10020 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
