# Work Order 7693829

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/7693829  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:57:28  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#7693829
On 1/21/2020
VDI Equipment Deployment Project
Company: Emtec Inc
	
Time Logged
14.37 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$531.00
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Brian Oettel
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Emtec Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (70)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Dress Code:  business casual - *** is a very high end Bank, and it is extremely important you represent ***** professionally.




Service Description

Provide onsite desktop or VDI deployment support. The onsite team will direct you on the responsibilities for the day. 




Scope of Work

Date:01/16/20 - 01/17/20 - 8 hours each day

Hours: 9am to 6pm with 1 hour lunch

Contact for Arrival: Adnan Siddiqui (Primary), Jason Yates, Jay Mora, or Stephanie Rodriguez - Contact numbers are below. If you run into any issues please contact ***** ****** * ************ via voice or text.

You will take direction from the onsite team as to the responsibilities that need to be done for the day the can consist of but are not limited to the following.

VDI deployment - unboxing thin clients and monitors, deploying thin clients and monitors, collecting user data, troubleshooting setup issues with thin client hardware.




****If for any reason your workday will exceed 8 hours notify ***** ****** ** ************************** **** ************ or text him before any hours are worked to notify him and get approval. If not notified before the hours are worked the hours will not be approved or paid****

****Up to $25 per day (receipts required) in travel expenses will be covered****




Team Contacts/Names

*** **** * *************** * ************

***** ***** * **************** * ************

***** ******** * ******************* * ************

********* **************** ********************* * ************







**Please provide a list of work completed in the close out notes**




DRESS CODE:

Overall you must adhere to the clients dress code while performing services at client site.
First day please dress business casual once the dress code is known then you can follow that standard.
Unacceptable attire includes, but is not limited to, torn or soiled clothes of any kind.

Rules/Policies: 

You will not discuss pay or pay rates with anyone other than the work order manager specified on your work order. A breach of this rule WILL result in immediate termination and no future work with Emtec.
No soliciting any business directly with the buyer's client and/or full-time positions. A breach of this rule WILL result in immediate termination of the provider and no future work with Emtec.
Present yourself as an authorized representative of Emtec. 
You will not promote any company other than Emtec at any time while you are with the client.
You will direct all questions about Field Nation work to the work order manager specified in the work orders you are assigned.
You will always keep a professional relationship with the customer.
You will complete any timesheets provided and will have it signed off by designated person as described in each work order. Failure to follow procedure will result in delayed or no pay.
Must be on-time as specified in the assigned work order.

*****The breach of any of these rules and policies could result in immediate termination of the project and lost pay to the provider****

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/30/2019 at 11:25 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/16/2020 at 8:53 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/17/2020 at 3:41 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
1/16/2020
Performed inventory obtaining model numbers of monitors. Adnan asked that the inventory be taken again in full. Full inventory was taken by Jason last and I am redoing his work. A vendor is to arrive next week to survey work done and all bins need to be rescanned as per Adnan
I worked on a deployment of Mr Miran on the 15th floor. I swapped over his PC to VDI. Mr Miran required a different Java veraion, I informed him to create a ticket for the install because the desktop engineering team needed to give the OK for the install. The user also required a mapping of a printer and a Fujitsu scanner install. Jason took over the ticket and was going personally to Anton in reference to the Java install, Adnan told the user that local printers were not allowed and this was the first scanner in the deployment so he did not know how or if it could be installed. Jason took over mapping the printers and the deployment he said that the "team downstairs" needed to put the printer on the server and printed out a test page to bring to them. I have my opinion about the bank website that the user required for the scanner and Java, told Adnan that they may be more to his deployment because there is usually a web client that goes with banking sites that use RSA tokens. I have worked with international banks before and usually you have to call the banks IT department to complete the install.
As I said, Jason and Adnan took over the deployment and Jason said he would "handle it". I went to lunch and when I returned I was told to redo the inventory for the monitors. Adnan instructed me to get a general count of monitors for the pickup and not that I was capturing information for the certiface of destruction. The numberof monitors was for an estimate and not for actual counts, as per Adnan.

181 more users need to be deployed as per IDB employee Joe on 10th floor.
I was told that the deployment was "on hold" because the infrastructure ran out of memory and IDB needed to cut in more servers to accommodate the demand and scale the infrastructure. I was told that the bank was not performing any deployments, but sent to swap the user over to a VDI. How can he be swapped over when the VDI domain cannot support any more users?
1/27/2020
The monitor deployment
Adnan asked me to take the inventory. He told me to count up the monitor stands on the steps again, not the ones in the storage room, just the ones on the steps. he also brought me into the server room and said to take the count of only one bin, there was only one bin in eyesight and he said just to count only one, then in the meeting, Joe says that I should of counted the stands in the storage room and what about the second bin of monitors in the server room. He also thrust his crotch at me when I was leaving on Friday, while nodding his head up and down. He does not tell the truth and gives me a rude "thumbs up" when I am trying to say something and is just disgustingly sexist.
I am not there to join the team long term. I am there to take part in the deployment and complete tasks asked of me; he acts as if I have had a conversation with you about being on boarded and I am a entry level trainee that has never been in a migration before, let alone in a desktop support role in the past. He told me that I have to follow Jason around next week to learn desktop support. You told me that your team is welcoming to contractors...I have yet to see this and have only seen typical sexist behavior above and beyond any petty or minor inconveniences.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/16/2020 at 1:59 PM(EDT)
Collect signature from Adnan Siddiqui
View Signature
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/16/2020 at 4:01 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
14.37 Total hours
4.17 hours
1/17/2020 at 12:50 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
1/17/2020 at 5:00 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/17/2020 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
3.08 hours
1/17/2020 at 8:45 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
1/17/2020 at 11:50 AM(EDT)
0.29 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/17/2020 at 8:45 AM(EDT)
7.12 hours
1/16/2020 at 8:53 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
1/16/2020 at 4:00 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/16/2020 at 8:53 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Adnan Siddiqui Signature
Collected on 1/16/2020 at 4:01 PM(EDT)
Adnan Siddiqui Signature
Collected on 1/17/2020 at 3:42 PM(EDT)
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$574.80
Rate
$40.00
Hours
14.37 Logged / 16 Ma...
Additional Charges1
$25.20
Service Charges2
$69.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$600.00
Total Service Charges
$69.00
Total
$531.00
Schedule
Thu, Jan 16, 2020

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10017 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
