# Work Order 403038

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/403038  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:50:12  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#403038
On 1/25/2013
Replace Monitor 17" above a Workstation (Monitor hangs on brackets)
Company: Cormac
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$45.00
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Tami In Operations
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Cormac
Overall satisfaction:
 (3529)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description
I am requesting service for installation of one 17” monitor for workstation # 5(NY10-05) at the address below for 12:30 EST on Tuesday, January 22, 2013.  Unit is on site.  ** Tech may have to wait a few minutes to gain access to the room where the installation is to be done.  Tech may dispose of the failed monitor.

BEFORE THE SERVICE CALL BEGINS
-          The ETA is firm, our window of service is time limited.
-          UPON ARRIVAL at site, Tech is to call the Operations Center at 1-800-858-8173 to check onsite.  Tech will be given name of on site contact and Tech Support phone number at this time.
-          The on site contact will be expecting the Tech for ETA, the name of the contact to be given when tech checks on site.
-          Tech may have to wait a few minutes to gain access to the unit, if testing is in progress.
 
CLOSE OUT OF THE SERVICE CALL

-          Once equipment has been tested, Tech Support will release you from site.
-          Tech to call the Operations Center at 800-858-8173 to log offsite.
-          Tech will be asked to provide air bill number(s) at call close.
-          Once all the above steps are completed, the Work Order will be considered complete for payment.

WE THANK YOU FOR WORKING WITH US ON THIS SERVICE CALL!

Time Estimate: Up to 1 Hour
View Less
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
1/22/2013 at 1:25 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$50.00
Pay Amount
$50.00
Service Charges1
$5.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$50.00
Total Service Charges
$5.00
Total
$45.00
Schedule
Tue, Jan 22, 2013

Arrive at 12:30 PM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10009 US
Commercial
Notes:By Car: Southbound/Northbound on the FDR, exit at Houston Street. Location is at 355 E. 4th St, on the corner of Avenue D.  By Train: 4,5,6,N,R trains to 14th Street/Union Square, then take the M14D bus Eastbound to East 3rd Street and walk back one block. F,V trains to 2nd Avenue/Houston Street and walk to Avenue D and make a left to East 4th Street.  By Bus: 14D bus to East 3rd Street, walk back one block.  Parking is available at Delancey and Essex Municipal Parking (107 Essex Street, NY, NY 10002) and Edison ParkFast (167-177 Essex Street, NY, NY 10002). There is about a 1 mile walk from these locations. There is also street parking upon availability.
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
