# Work Order 5603960

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5603960  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:24:03  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5603960
 Bundled: 1 of 2
On 10/23/2018
Workstation Install
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
7.55 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$167.42
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Carrie Stanulov
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Service Description

EDIT

Please note: per our client contracts, candidate must be willing to complete a background and/or drug screening.

SmartSource Inc, will be performing onsite workstation upgrades at roughly 1800 locations across the United States. Prior to anyone going onsite an online training will take place. This is a requirement prior to going onsite and will take roughly 30 minutes to complete. It only needs to be done one time. Successful test will require an 80% and will allow 1 retake. This will be done through an Online Adobe Training Site. The general scope of work and qualifications are documented below.


•    BEING ON TIME IS ESSENTIAL. If you’re late the site will not be completed in time
•    This will be an installation of a new workstation and new monitor for each teller at each location. 
•    There will also be a cable management sleeve and cable management requirement which is to make sure everything is dressed cleanly across the tellers. 
•    All sites will take place 30 minutes after a site opens unless otherwise specified by the customer. 
•    This means all sites will be done when the site are in operation so ALL individuals must be patient, professional and show exceptional customer services as customers will be in and out of every location and some delays could take place. 
•    Each workstation/monitor install will take between 1 and 1 ½ hours to complete. While the individual machine is expected to take 1 – 1 ½ hours, it is expected that multiple devices will be going at one time, not one at a time (unless the site restricts the refresh to one at a time in which case this should be escalated to CUSTOMER). 
•    Some sites will have several users and will require the same person to come back the following day to finish the work

Skillset: 
•    Must pass the training (30 minute online) prior to going onsite
•    A+, Net+, or MCTS or equivalent classroom training and 2-3 years related industry experience or minimum of 2-3 years minimum related industry experience
•    Must BE ON TIME NO EXCEPTIONS!
•    Must have all required tools mentioned above
•    Ability to comprehend industry standard network connectivity, navigation, and software installation
•    Must be able to lift a minimum of 60lbs without any restrictions
•    Excellent customer service skills to interact with site Management and ability to show patience and leadership qualities in front of customers and the client
•    Must have excellent communication skills 

View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.)

(Point #1) 24 Hour Reconfirmation: You are required to reconfirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please proactively call into your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is a must!
(Point #2) Same Day Reconfirmation: SmartSource will be sending an automated text approxim
View More
Policies & Procedures
BACKGROUND CHECKS - all assigned providers must complete a background check consent form through SmartSource, Inc. It is of no cost to the provider to run the background check.

APPROVAL PERIOD - SmartSource,
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/5/2018 at 9:50 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2018 at 8:57 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of SRO Form completed and signed
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/12/2018 at 10:11 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2018 at 4:47 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
5 units installed.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/12/2018 at 12:50 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.55 Total hours
7.55 hours
10/10/2018 at 8:57 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
10/10/2018 at 4:30 PM(EDT)
2.35 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2018 at 8:57 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
SRO Form completed and signed (3)
IMG_20181012_1006539.jpg(3.03 MB)
10/12/2018 at 10:12 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20181012_1006349.jpg(2.96 MB)
10/12/2018 at 10:12 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20181012_1007041.jpg(2.5 MB)
10/12/2018 at 10:11 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (1)
SRO 4126254_SADIETHORNTON_WORKSTATION_10_11_2018.pdf(2.51 MB)
10/16/2018 at 11:28 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$188.75
Rate
$25.00
Hours
7.55 Logged / 8 Max
Service Charges2
$21.33
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$188.75
Total Service Charges
$21.33
Total
$167.42
Schedule
Wed, Oct 10, 2018

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 5 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Bronx, NY 10466 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
