# Work Order 10809803

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10809803  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:55:31  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10809803
On 12/11/2021
Install Replacement Windows PC, Confirm configuration is correct and can access the network, drop off old unit at FedEx. ***Please bring spare ethernet cable in case it is needed
Company: Cormac
	
Time Logged
1.41 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$58.69
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Cathleen Arthun
	
Company Ratings 
Cormac ID: 627
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Cormac
Overall satisfaction:
 (3529)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

We are requesting a technician to install a replacement windows PC, then confirm with tech support that the unit is properly configured and tested, then drop off the old unit at FedEx for return to logistics with the label provided in the box with the new equipment.. ***Please bring a spare ethernet cable in case it is needed.


Tech will:

      Meet and greet one of the Proctors on site.

      Take possession of FedEx package containing replacement.

      Locate testing room and appropriate workstation cubicle.

      Remove old workstation.

      Install replacement workstation.


      Call Cormac Operations Center for verification that the new unit is properly configured and tested.





- The ETA has been set in conjunction with tech support and the staff at the site.  Our window of service is time sensitive. 

- Generally, you will be met by an onsite contact.  If for some reason, no one will be at the site, we will inform you of special provisions.  So, please, be on time, since our window of service is time sensitive. 

- Upon arrival, you may have a delayed start to the service.  We are a testing company, and we schedule you to arrive as close to end of testing as possible.  If you arrive before testing is completed, you will be checked on site. 

 


UPON ARRIVAL ONSITE 

- You are to call our Tech Support/Operations Center @ 1-800-858-8173 to check onsite. 

- You will work with the appropriate Tech Support Level staff while on site.  

- You may be asked to box up the old equipment, apply the return label that came in the replacement unit box, and drop it by FedEx Drop prior to funds release. 

 

SERVICE CALL COMPLETION 

- Once equipment has been tested, Tech Support will release you from site. 

- Please call Operations Center @ 800-858-8173 to log offsite. 

- You may be asked to provide FedEx Way Bill number(s) when closing out of the work order on the platform.  The Way Bill must track prior to the Work Order being approved for payment. 

- Once all the steps are finished, your Work Order will be considered completed for payment. 

WE APPRECIATE YOU TAKING THE TIME TODAY TO WORK WITH US!


View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/9/2021 at 3:17 PM(EDT)
On Site
Call *************** regarding Pre-briefing
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/10/2021 at 4:12 PM(EDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/10/2021 at 4:09 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/10/2021 at 5:33 PM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding De-briefing
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/10/2021 at 5:31 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Computer installed. Monitors swapped. Cleared and releases.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/10/2021 at 5:33 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.41 Total hours
1.41 hours
12/10/2021 at 4:08 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
12/10/2021 at 5:33 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/10/2021 at 4:09 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
7377546259099
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: Computer
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$70.50
Rate
$50.00
Hours
1.41 Logged / 2 Max
Service Charges3
$11.57
Taxes1
$0.24
Sum
Work Order Cost
$70.50
Total Service Charges
$11.57
Taxes
$0.24
Total
$58.69
Schedule
Fri, Dec 10, 2021

Arrive at 3:30 PM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
New York, NY 10009 US
Commercial
Notes:By Car: Southbound/Northbound on the FDR, exit at Houston Street. Location is at 355 E. 4th St, on the corner of Avenue D.  By Train: 4,5,6,N,R trains to 14th Street/Union Square, then take the M14D bus Eastbound to East 3rd Street and walk back one block. F,V trains to 2nd Avenue/Houston Street and walk to Avenue D and make a left to East 4th Street.  By Bus: 14D bus to East 3rd Street, walk back one block.  Parking is available at Delancey and Essex Municipal Parking (107 Essex Street, NY, NY 10002) and Edison ParkFast (167-177 Essex Street, NY, NY 10002). There is about a 1 mile walk from these locations. There is also street parking upon availability.
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
