# Work Order 10424064

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10424064  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:44:23  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10424064
On 10/14/2021
POS and pole display refresh install
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
	
Time Logged
8.94 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$252.79
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jason Carter
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (11626)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Recruitment	Fujitsu Preferred Technichians FN New Work
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description
Call the Staples Command Center once onsite and also for authorization to leave once install is completed. Install document are Staples combined engage one and engage go and for California stores Staples combined engage one CA and engage go CA. Documentation and videos must be reviewed and sign-off sheet forwarded to Barry Bell before install date. Tech 1 (3 PM arrival) will inventory equipment and start building pole displays and run cables in pole displays, then assist Tech 2 (4:30 arrival) with install until shift is completed. Tech 2 (4:30 PM arrival) will start with installing register 1 and assist with building pole displays. Register 1 needs to be installed and tested before move on to next register. Once completed move on to EZ tech register and assist with completing install until shift is completed and all new registers are in place. Tech 3 (10PM arrival) is to take lead and complete the install of all remaining registers, and finish testing registers with manager. Report serial numbers to command center, make sure all old POS in put into gaylord bin and hard drives are sent back to Freedman recycling. Once EZ tech is installed two of the remaining registers can be installed and loaded at one time. Order of install lanes will be dictated by command center. Any questions call Barry Bell.
View Less
Standard Instructions
**Mandatory pre-call 2 hours before start time.**

All phone numbers for Checking in and out, points of contact escalations are in the Confidential Information section of your work order.  You do not need to call the FLS tech hotline 214-429-4029 to check in or out.



Prior to departing site submit your work order using the Field Nation Mobile App.  

Ensure proper grounding with an ESD device when adding, replacing and/or removing internal components.

The use of scissor lifts or other types of motorized lifts is not authorized.  If an appropriate sized ladder is not available contact FLS or the Project Manager immediately.





Policies & Procedures
1.  Pre-calls. You will receive a day before and a 2 hour before start time phone confirmation pre-call for all Fujitsu work orders assigned to you.
Response is mandatory.
If we are unable to contact you, the site may be r
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Jason Carter on 10/7/2021 at 10:53 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/11/2021 at 9:55 PM(EDT)
Call the Staples Command Center once onsite at 888-438-4800 options 2, 4, 3,
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/11/2021 at 9:55 PM(EDT)
Call the Staples Command Center for authorization to leave once install is completed at 888-438-4800 options 2, 4, 3,
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/14/2021 at 8:27 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/12/2021 at 6:51 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Register 4's hub fried and became inoperable.
Ticket with NTS was created
all other registers installed
Command Center did not give the go ahead for the second and third register for almost three hours after the first was tested and cleared, then took around an hour and 15 minutes to hand us off to the next tech. I could of finished by 1am if not for the extended delays.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/14/2021 at 8:29 AM(EDT)
Time Log
8.94 Total hours
8.94 hours
10/11/2021 at 9:55 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
10/12/2021 at 6:51 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/11/2021 at 9:55 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Target Approval Review Period: 1 day 
Learn more
Labor
$300.00
Pay Amount
$300.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
10
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$46.20
Taxes1
$1.01
Sum
Work Order Cost
$300.00
Total Service Charges
$46.20
Taxes
$1.01
Total
$252.79
Schedule
Mon, Oct 11, 2021

Arrive at 10:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 10 hours to complete

Start time set by Jason Carter. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Huntington Station, NY 11746 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
