# Work Order 15926753

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15926753  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:26:11  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15926753
On 10/3/2024
Survey op rooms 3 and 7 to run new HDMI cables form dental chair to the PC
Company: Concert Technologies
	
Time Logged
1.6 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$86.66
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Diana Mory
	
Company Ratings 
Concert Technologies ID: 475
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Concert Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (3005)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Networking
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Site survey
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description

Survey op rooms 3 and 7 to run new HDMI cables form dental chair to the PC -Please confirm if PC is onsite and if so, how long has it been disconnected from the network?

****************************************************

[1-DAY SERVICE] ? [2335 - Williston, VT, 9/26/2024@11:00AM EDT] OP Rooms 3 and 7




Confirmation code: INC1452859




Tools required:

Measuring Tape.

Camera or other device to take pictures.

Copy of the Survey to be completed.

Basic Technician Tool kit~

Basic Networking Toolkit~

Line toner

Labeler

Black zip ties / tie wraps

Drill & Allen keys







Scope of Work:

Tech will need to complete the survey while onsite. ONE COMPLETE 4 PAGE SURVEY IS REQUIRED FOR EACH OP ROOM.

Tech will need to complete the ?Enter or Circle Answer? column by either entering an appropriate and complete answer or circling one of the two available responses. Tech will need to overwrite and/or add appropriate comments in the ?Comments? column if necessary.

Tech will need to take all pictures marked as ?Required?. (When in doubt, take an extra picture or two to add clarification.) A MINIMUM OF 22 PICTURES IS REQUIRED.

Tech will need to place a check mark in the ?Check When Completed? column upon completion of each step.

Tech will need to verify the presence of and correct quantity for each part on the ?Onsite Parts Verification? list. Please note any irregularities in the ?Comments? area.

Tech will return the completed survey and pictures to Concert Tech dispatch by the End of Business day for each Aspen Dental office survey visit.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-The requesting provider must be the provi
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/25/2024 at 12:28 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 9/26/2024 at 11:09 AM(EDT)
On Time
Check out
Completed by you on 9/26/2024 at 12:33 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
survey complete and released
Completed by you on 9/26/2024 at 12:48 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.6 Total hours
1.6 hours
9/26/2024 at 11:09 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
9/26/2024 at 12:45 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/26/2024 at 11:09 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 8 days 
Learn more
Labor
$104.00
Rate
$65.00
Hours
1.6 Logged / 3 Max
Service Charges3
$17.06
Taxes1
$0.28
Sum
Work Order Cost
$104.00
Total Service Charges
$17.06
Taxes
$0.28
Total
$86.66
Schedule
Thu, Sep 26, 2024

Arrive at 11:00 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 3 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Williston, VT 05495 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
