# Work Order 5585224

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5585224  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:23:46  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5585224
On 10/16/2018
Printer Refresh
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
2.58 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$45.77
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Delena Arwood
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Printer
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Printer
Service Description







Service Description


•    The purpose of this document is to provide operational direction for the 2018 Lexmark T654 Printer Refresh project. CompuCom is required to de-install the existing Lexmark T654 model ONLY and install in their place the Lexmark MS610de model in only receiving area and control room. No exceptions without written approval from the PM and your FSM. 
 
Out of Scope Printers: AGAIN, all printer models except the T654 model are considered out of scope and must not be replaced under any circumstances without written approval from the PM and your FSM! 
The scope of this project will be completed during normal store business hours. Installation will take place Monday through Friday, 0800 to 1030 local time. The dates are not negotiable.
*Please review Documentation* 
You should be using version V12 of the THD T654 Refresh Playbook
o    Access the project documents and training https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1aYgMR8QHdUm1Vr8INf7wveJ66DehosLJ
o    Complete quiz https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoY_pWQWeEp4DKP2pERA08nMiu_8L7gXn4F6z5WHe2wfPbmQ/viewform
o    Verify YOUR My Apron Account. This account must be acquired and active in order to set up a printer in print management. Call 800-366-0345 Option 2 with any issues.
o    Verify Track IT Access for documentation
 WHEN YOU ARRIVE TO THE SITE:
o    VERY IMPORTANT **** CHECK-IN BY CALLING PSD at: 800-366-0345 opt 1
 Support Numbers:

o    My Apron Account - Call 800-366-0345 Option 2- for My apron questions or no account
o    CompuCom Technical Support Team (TST) 866-835-7877 opt 7,3....Example – Hardware Issues, suspected DOA/OBF and Error Codes
o    CompuCom print Management team for L1 technical support: 800-791-2750 option 1,2,4,1.... Example - Configuration issues, setup, application issues, general non hardware support.
 

BEFORE LEAVING SITE:
            1. Reconciled and signed Store Manager sign off sheet, see pg. 13 
o    2. Picture of the shrink-wrapped and labeled printer return pallet, see pg. 11 
o    3. Picture of unopened and labeled New in Box (NIB) printer if applicable
o    4. Picture labeled OBF/DAO printer if applicable 
o    5. Picture of any boxes that appear to be damaged in shipping
o    6.Upload required documentation to Track IT

CREDENTIALS REQUIRED:

• Minimum 1-2 years of related work experience, high school diploma, or technical training, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience. 

• A+ certification or equivalent experience.

• Current comprehensive background check and drug test.


TOOLS REQUIRED:

• Smart Phone (fully charged with voice/data/camera/Field Solutions app)

• Laptop

• Basic PC/Standard Toolkit

• Copy of FS Work Order and any Technical Documents (attached under FS WIN “documents/parts” section of FS website or FS app)

• Photo ID/Driver License


GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:

• Good hygiene, as well as a professional and clean appearance 
(dress code is “business casual”). 

• No helpers of any kind are allowed without prior consent.

• Carry a photo ID/driver license while on-site.

• Do not ask a customer for tools or assistance.

• Arrive with tools and supplies needed to complete the work.
Call Closure and payment:

Tech must close call before departing site. If work order is not updated with following information and deliverables and closed before the tech leaves site, a 25% penalty can be accessed.

o    Tech must provide the make/model/serial # for all devices serviced
o    Tech must provide DETAILED description of work performed and any names of contacts they worked with.
o    Tech must provide Model # / Serial # / Part # for all parts that have been replaced. Also we need the return tracking # posted in the comments and also on the sign-off sheet.
o    Tech must take sign-off sheet attached to this WO to the site and have it signed by the end-user. Sign-off sheet MUST be UPLOADED to the FN work-order and TRACK IT






View Less
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL.  Do not promote any
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/11/2018 at 5:01 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/12/2018 at 8:11 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/12/2018 at 11:57 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
arrived onsite and verified inventory
I installed only one printer
I thought there was a second one in the Pro tools section but there was a 410 on the desk and no other 654 onsite.
labeled the NIB, called it in and completed the installation of the first 610.
Adjusted time because I had to convert some jpeg images to pdf and close some work orders out while onsite.
the manager took a while to check me out and sent another person to sign.
printer installed is working and tested.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/14/2018 at 9:26 AM(EDT)
Upload file of Reconciled and signed Store Manager sign off sheet, see pg. 13
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/14/2018 at 9:29 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Picture of the shrink-wrapped and labeled printer return pallet, see pg. 11
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/14/2018 at 9:29 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Sign off sheet
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/14/2018 at 9:30 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.58 Total hours
2.58 hours
10/12/2018 at 8:10 AM(EDT)
0.09 miles from site
10/12/2018 at 10:45 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/12/2018 at 8:11 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Reconciled and signed Store Manager sign off sheet, see pg. 13 (1)
IMG_20181012_1126528.jpg(2.81 MB)
10/14/2018 at 9:29 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Picture of the shrink-wrapped and labeled printer return pallet, see pg. 11 (1)
IMG_20181012_1053302.jpg(2.91 MB)
10/14/2018 at 9:29 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Sign off sheet (2)
IMG_20181012_1053457.jpg(2.63 MB)
10/14/2018 at 9:30 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20181012_1053503.jpg(3.39 MB)
10/14/2018 at 9:30 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$51.60
Rate
$20.00
Hours
2.58 Logged / 6 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$5.83
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$51.60
Total Service Charges
$5.83
Total
$45.77
Schedule
Fri, Oct 12, 2018

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
JAMAICA, NY 11420 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
