# Work Order 16335246

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/16335246  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:29:22  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#16335246
On 12/12/2024
USDKN0301732 - Kiosk Repair - CASE14044
Company: ITsavvy - Field Services
	
Time Logged
0.94 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$112.48
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Veronica Cooke
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 2
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: ITsavvy - Field Services
Overall satisfaction:
 (15723)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Networking
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Troubleshooting
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Networking
Service Description




Justification for Tech:

- Brief description of the issue: the latch for the bottom door of the kiosk is stuck and will not allow them to close and lock the device.

- Summary of troubleshooting: they need to latch to be unstuck.

- What is the tech going to do: see above……..

Tech to contact acrelec LVL 2 support to validate and close.

800-417-8234




WORK ORDERS WILL ONLY BE PAID IF ALL REQUIRED DELIVERABLES ARE UPLOADED TO THE FIELD NATION TICKET. These are to be uploaded to Field Nation and reviewed by the WO Manager BEFORE checking out. The Provider is solely responsible for any additional trips to the work site (along with any additional accrued work hours) if all deliverables are not uploaded or the work is not completed as specified in the scope of work and/or installation manual.




-------------------------------------General information of installation steps below--------------------------------------------------

For each Kiosk:
Test home run data cable (going to Port 1 of kiosk's pin pad COMM brick)
Attempt to reterminate cable to restore connection and potentially try to same thing on the connection in the manager's office
Note: Kiosk home run is plugged into Port 13 of the main Meraki switch via a small D-link switch.
If needed, run new cable to the Kiosk(s) and ensure it is plugged in the same manner as was found.
Home run data on kiosk side to be plugged into pin pad COMM brick (Port 1 of 2)
Data in Manager's office to be plugged into D-Link switch that is plugged into PORT 13 OF THE MAIN MERAKI SWITCH.
Once data is connected, call Acrelec Support line to confirm
866-355-4941
Perform testing as needed/requested by support team.
*** TECH MUST BE RELEASED BY A MEMEBER OF ACRELEC SUPPORT WITH AUTHORITY TO RELEASE ***




MATERIAL/EQUIPMENT REQUIRED:

Assorted Allen wrenches (5/32)
Hammer
Hack saw
Torpedo level (or laser level recommended)
Drywall saw
Flat head and Philips head screw drivers
8ft. A-frame ladder
Nut drivers (SAE and Metric)
Assorted zip ties
Measuring tape
Box cutter
Electrical tape
Fish tape and/or push rods (min 100ft.)
Data cable crimper
Cordless drill and bit set (optional, but recommended)
RJ45 Male ends (Reimbursed at $0.75/ea.)
300 Ft. Cat6 Plenum (Reimbursed at $0.50/ft.)
Keystones (Reimbursed at $2.00/ea.)
Surface Mount Data Jack (Reimbursed at $5.00/ea.)
Network Cable Tester/Toner
Cell Phone
Laptop/Tablet
Label maker
Hotspot
USB Keyboard and Mouse
Portable HDMI monitor/HDMI cable




DELIVERABLES:

AFTER all testing is complete, upload pictures of…




---------------------Refer to Example Pictures in documents------------------------------

For BOTH types of kiosks:
Unopened kiosk boxes (as found upon arrival)
Bridge PC and D-Link Switch in network office
Ports 13 and 14 in main switch in use
Cable tester pass (if cabling was run during this visit)
Cable management inside kiosk door
Close-up side view of pin pad
Full picture of completed kiosk + wide shot of counter for K22
Pictures of credit card and gift card test transaction receipts
For K27:
Wide angle (floor to ceiling) shot of completed kiosk
Close-up of kiosk foot bolted down
Close-up of pole at ceiling tile
Close-up of pole/Kiosk attachment point
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by the platform on 12/12/2024 at 11:06 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:04 PM(EDT)
Late
Check in with Work Order Manager via call or text
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:44 PM(EDT)
Check in with store Manager or Owner/Owner Representative, locate equipment, and confirm kiosks location
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:44 PM(EDT)
Ensure release from job has been given verbally by Acrelec support team following configuration. IF INSTALLATION IS INCOMPLETE OR PARTIALLY COMPLETE, CALL ACRELEC SUPPORT 866-355-4941 TO GIVE STATUS UPDATE AND GET VERBAL RELEASE FROM JOB.
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:53 PM(EDT)
Confirm new kiosk(s) or replacement equipment is undamaged. REPORT ANY DAMAGE TO Acrelec support IMMEDIATELY and take pictures.
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:44 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of unopened kiosk hardware boxes.
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of (for the K27) - Wide angle (floor to ceiling) shot of completed kiosk, Close-up of kiosk foot bolted down, Close-up of pole at ceiling tile, Close-up of pole/Kiosk attachment point
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:49 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Cable management inside kiosk door, Close-up side view of pin pad, Full picture of completed kiosk + wide shot of counter for K22, Pictures of credit card and gift card test transaction receipts
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:50 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of (for both kiosk types) - Unopened kiosk boxes (as found upon arrival), Bridge PC and D-Link Switch in network office, Ports 13 and 14 in main switch in use, Cable tester pass (if cabling was run during this visit)
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:54 PM(EDT)
Kiosk(s) keys (if needed) were left with store manager, provide their name in close out notes
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:56 PM(EDT)
Kiosks troubleshooting has been completed and kiosks are fully operational
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:56 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of drop off receipt for return equipment. If listed in the SoW or requested by Acrelec.
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:57 PM(EDT)
Provide detailed closeout notes of SoW summary. Be sure to include the name of the Acrelec support contact you worked with in your closeout notes.
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:57 PM(EDT)
Check out with Work Order Manager via call or text
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 12:57 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Arrived onsite and there was a delay in locating the key.
I called into support and reported the missing key.
Key was located and I was able to lock the door:


steps taken to correct issue.


Removed latch from kiosk
confirmed operational status of latch by locking it onto bolt in door while not attached to kiosk
returned latch to kiosk: did not tighten the bolts completely.
Door is not longer plumb with the kiosk: my diagnosis is that someone was leaning on the door and bent the latches. There is a space between the top of the door and the kiosk.
I was able to lock the door by lifting up the door and "wiggling" the door until it locked.

Door and/or latches needs to be replaced.
Door is no longer plumb with the kiosk.
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 12/12/2024 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.94 Total hours
0.94 hours
12/12/2024 at 12:04 PM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
12/12/2024 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2024 at 12:04 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
unopened kiosk hardware boxes. (1)
IMG_20241212_124834.jpg(155.47 KB)
12/12/2024 at 12:49 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
(for the K27) - Wide angle (floor to ceiling) shot of completed kiosk, Close-up of kiosk foot bolted down, Close-up of pole at ceiling tile, Close-up of pole/Kiosk attachment point (1)
IMG_20241212_124839.jpg(225.65 KB)
12/12/2024 at 12:49 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Cable management inside kiosk door, Close-up side view of pin pad, Full picture of completed kiosk + wide shot of counter for K22, Pictures of credit card and gift card test transaction receipts (1)
IMG_20241212_124839.jpg(225.65 KB)
12/12/2024 at 12:50 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
(for both kiosk types) - Unopened kiosk boxes (as found upon arrival), Bridge PC and D-Link Switch in network office, Ports 13 and 14 in main switch in use, Cable tester pass (if cabling was run during this visit) (1)
IMG_20241212_124839.jpg(225.65 KB)
12/12/2024 at 12:54 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
drop off receipt for return equipment. If listed in the SoW or requested by Acrelec. (1)
bluebg.jpg(1.79 KB)
12/12/2024 at 12:57 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 8 days 
Learn more
Labor
$135.00
Pay Amount
$135.00
Service Charges3
$22.15
Taxes1
$0.37
Sum
Work Order Cost
$135.00
Total Service Charges
$22.15
Taxes
$0.37
Total
$112.48
Schedule
Thu, Dec 12, 2024

Arrive at 11:30 AM (EST)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by the platform. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
South Burlington, VT 5403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
