# Work Order 6938327

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6938327  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:43:58  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
28
Paid#6938327
On 8/27/2019
GM and MM PC replacement
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
	
Time Logged
11.77 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$318.60
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jason Carter
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (11626)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Recruitment	Fujitsu Preferred Technichians FN New Work
Service Description
Call the Staples Command Center once onsite and to get permission to leave site. Tech will replace GM CP3 and SC swap MM and MPS2. Use Staples PC Install Guide 2018 refresh install guide. Any major issues call Barry Bell.
Standard Instructions
**Mandatory pre-call 2 hours before start time.**

All phone numbers for Checking in and out, points of contact escalations are in the Confidential Information section of your work order.  You do not need to call the FLS tech hotline 214-429-4029 to check in or out.



Prior to departing site submit your work order using the Field Nation Mobile App.  

Ensure proper grounding with an ESD device when adding, replacing and/or removing internal components.

The use of scissor lifts or other types of motorized lifts is not authorized.  If an appropriate sized ladder is not available contact FLS or the Project Manager immediately.





Policies & Procedures
1.  Pre-calls.  You will receive a day before and a 2 hour before start time phone confirmation pre-call for all Fujitsu work orders assigned to you. 
Response is mandatory. 
If we are unable to conta
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Walter Barrios on 8/2/2019 at 2:18 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/26/2019 at 7:58 AM(EDT)
Call the Staples Command Center once onsite and to get permission to leave site at 888-438-4800 option 2, 4, 7.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/27/2019 at 8:16 AM(EDT)
Send Fax back form to the Staples Command Center.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/27/2019 at 8:16 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/26/2019 at 9:35 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I arrived on site and was assigned to Mark Nelson.
We went over the inventory.
He told me that we were going to do a hardware swap on MM, GM and SC.
Then image existing machines. CPU1 CPU2 GTK4. I told him we only had 3 computers and one monitor. He said that was enough.
I attempted to swap the GM computer first.
He wanted to back up files and asked me to wait 15 minutes.
I returned to see him attempting to copy the redirected Documents folder onto a usb stick. He did not know he did not have to back anything up.
He did move some files onto the stick but that only took a few seconds.
I called Mark once I had the computer and could swap it and he said he had to make the image. It took almost two hours for the image to be created. I had to keep calling because I kept getting his voicemail. We move onto the MM. I ask the person who was using the machine for the space so I can image. Mark says the same thing, he has to make the image and he will call back once it is created. That took another 2 hours. By this time, I check on the GM machine and it had failed. I go into the bios and it has a password. I ask for the bios password and he acts as if he does not know what I am talking about; there is no password and there are no passwords in his notes. I try the "retisretis" and it does not work. I tell him again we need the correct password and he says to try to image again and it should work. I explain to him the task sequence and he still says it is okay to image without getting into the bios. I pxe it and it starts to download the wim. He says it working. I confirm that we cannot start another machine until both are complete. He says he will call me when they are done. I am sitting in front of the MM and call him back once I see that the MM is complete. The GM has failed and he acts surprised that it did. I return to the machine and he continues to want to image without resetting the bios. I call the tech from last week and he gives me the passwords that may work.
They do not. He just wants to keep trying to image the machine. He wants to kick off the machine again. It is ran again and I tell him again that we are behind schedule and we need to start the other machines. The ship center is started and the GM machine fails again. So while the ship center is running, I have to deal with him and the GM machine. He gets his manager and finally moves on to troubleshooting the bios. I was not going to just clear the password; that is not my call. I have to get permission from the command center. I tell the manager he has been doing the same steps since this morning and the manager tells him to tell me to clear the bios password. I clear the password fix the settings and it still will not image.
He leaves and hands off the mess to Jeffery McGee.
Jeff tells me to call into NTS to have someone work with me to clear the password, format the drive and reset the CMOS. I tell Jeff I know how to do these tasks and told Mark hours ago what the issue was and he tells me that I need to call in so it is documented that the steps were taken.
I had to wait approx 40 mins to reach dispatch, Eddie calls me back and he listens as I explain what is wrong with the machine. I cannot pull up the command prompt in recovery, my Win10 stick will not boot and clearing the CMOS corrupts the bios. I got the bios back using the sure start recovery. Tell Jeff that I did and swap back the old computer because the whole day was waisted wiht an admin who did not know what he was doing or was intentionally denying me the correct password and "testing" me on wheter I know how to clear out a bios password, or he created the image wrong to begin wiht earlier in the morning and should of made a new one.
I cannot take any steps without the command center's approval. I have to do what they say and I told Jeff and now I am telling you the mess Mark caused yesterday. .
P.S. The GM failed the first time because Mark did not put the Mac address in correctly.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/27/2019 at 9:50 AM(EDT)
Time Log
11.77 Total hours
11.77 hours
8/26/2019 at 7:58 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
8/26/2019 at 7:45 PM(EDT)
2.92 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 8/26/2019 at 7:58 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
20190827_094646.jpg(2.46 MB)
8/27/2019 at 9:52 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
20190827_094700.jpg(2.33 MB)
8/27/2019 at 9:52 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 1 day 
Learn more
Labor
$240.00
Pay Amount
$240.00
Requested Pay Change Denied
$360.00
Additional Charges1
$120.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$41.40
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$360.00
Total Service Charges
$41.40
Total
$318.60
Schedule
Mon, Aug 26, 2019

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10018 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
