# Work Order 14171448

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/14171448  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:14:10  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Cancelled#14171448
On 10/21/2023
Internet Caption Phone (PSTN) Installation and Training
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Work Order Complete
Consent Submitted
Welcome Call Complete
	
Schedule: Arrival Window
10/21/2023 at 11:00 AM(EDT)
10/21/2023 at 11:00 AM(EDT) 
Estimated Duration: 1 hour
	
NEWARK, NJ 07107 US
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Andrea Nunley
Print
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Overall satisfaction:
 (189687)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Laptop
Equipment	face mask
Equipment	surgical gloves
Equipment	Smartphone
Equipment	Shoe Covers
Equipment	RJ11 Splitter Adapter
Background Check	Must have passed a background check in the last 24 months
Service Description

*Important* Phones with software 4.2.0 will give a Flash error, please click the "wait'' option to proceed with install.

Please review the entire work order and installation checklist to be sure no recent updates are missed

OVERVIEW:

This is a residential installation of a ClearCaptions captioning telephone (basic phone install) with a customer experiencing hearing loss. This job should take approximately 1 hour.
Welcome Call Information:
Assist end user to place a Welcome Call from newly installed phone. Welcome Call number ************** (follow steps provided).
Provider will need to notify end user they will need to change password when they completed the welcome call.
After Welcome Call provider will need to assist user to retrieve voicemail:
ClearCaptions support will leave a Voicemail for end user- please do not answer this call. Let CC leave the voicemail. Provider will assist end user to retrieve the voicemail that was left by CC support. tP
No agent other than the assigned provider is permitted to be onsite or complete installation even if agent is part of a service company.
All communication with the End User must be solely facilitated by ClearCaptions. Phone contact with the End User directly is strictly prohibited.
Work orders are prescheduled and should only be requested if the provider is able to complete as scheduled.

EXPECTATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:

Appointment has been pre-scheduled with the end user. Provider should arrive onsite as scheduled per work order detail.
Providers are not accountable for end user no shows.
The phone and Installation Kit will already be on site. The Installation Kit includes an Install Checklist, a Blank MRF with a business reply envelope, and a prepaid mailing label.
The kit does NOT include a 3-way phone line splitter, DSL filters, phone line couplers, RJ-11 cables, or RJ-45 cables.
Check-in/Check-out must be completed while onsite with GPS enabled.




TOOLS REQURIED:

 Rj11 Splitter Adapter
 Line Splitter
Rj-45 Cables
DSL Filters

DRESS CODE: Jeans (no wholes/patches); No open toe shoes; No hats or baseball caps; Polo Shirt.

PRE-SITE INSTRUCTIONS:

Provider is required to review a brief FCC compliance PowerPoint [SA2] prior to visiting the customer.​ We also included links to videos of the Blue caption phone operations to familiarize yourself with the product prior to arrival.
Review the Building Customer Relationships training video (you are only required to watch the video once). Premier providers excluded from this requirement.
NOTE: Providers who have not completed CTP Compliance Training please click this link to complete.

ONSITE INSTRUCTIONS:

Confirm the registered user is onsite and that you have the correct work order for this user.
If customer is not present or unavailable to complete installation or there are any issues preventing the installation from proceeding contact ************ for instruction. No other party may act on behalf of customer unless confirmed by ClearCaptions
If the customer has active landline service, but no active phone jack you must contact ************ for further instruction.
Conversion to VoIP installation is prohibited unless approved by ClearCaptions. If customer states they do not have an active landline you must call into ClearCaptions for assistance.
NOTE: Conversion to Voip installation without authorization or misrepresenting services onsite is strictly prohibited and may result in penalty, non-payment of work order or site revisit without additional pay. 
 Install and Training
Reference the PSTN_Install_Checklist contained in the work order for step-by-step instructions.
 Registration (required)
Username & Password: Located under Buyer Customer Fields [SA3] listed as "Username" & "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order.
IMPORTANT: Recording and/or retaining customer login credentials after the installation is strictly prohibited.
TRS-URD Consent: Quick Start Guide in the box
Allow the customer to scroll through the electronic signature Consent Terms
NOTE: If you are NOT presented with the FCC Self Certification acknowledgement, please call ************ for guidance on next steps
Welcome Call:
Provider to assist the end users to placing Welcome Call using the PSTN Installation Checklist Document that is attached. Welcome Call phone number ************** (only call this number)
Place the Welcome Call from the newly installed phone. Work orders are not considered complete until the Welcome Call has been completed. Work orders with incomplete Welcome Calls are subject to non-payment.
NOTE: The customer will be required to change their account password during the Welcome Call. Please advise this will be required so they may prepare. While on the call, it will give the end user step by step process to completed password setup.
A test outbound call will be sent to the end user when the Welcome Call is completed.
Provider needs to stay on site for this step and help with end user to setup VM
 eMRF
Use the attachment “eMRF Instructions” on how to submit the eMRF electronically through eSign Live. Report issues with the eMRF by calling ClearCaptions Support.
Note: If unable to submit the eMRF report issue to ClearCaptions Support for documentation and then proceed. Communicate that MRF will be send by mail in work order closing notes

ESCALATIONS

Call ClearCaption at ************ for Issues preventing the installation and or for VoIP Installation process.
 Software update Trouble Shooting Steps – Attached Document

ADDITIONAL HOURS & EXPENSES APPROVAL PAYMENT POLICY

All travel must be submitted in a counteroffer and be pre-approved prior to assignment. We do not honor travel pay submitted after the fact.
Reasonable counters will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis
If tools/cables are used please upload a receipt for payment approval
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Customer Privacy Agreement:
Reference is hereby made to the Standard Work Order Terms and Conditions of Field Nation, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, last modified December 11, 2020 (as may be amended or revised from time to time, the “Work Order Terms
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 10/20/2023 at 9:20 AM(EDT)
Review the entire work order and all documents for updates.
Acknowledge Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement: Please review the service description and/or the attached document titled "Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement". Complete this task to acknowledge and accept the terms prior to onsite arrival
Completed by you on 10/10/2023 at 9:16 PM(EDT)
If you have not completed the Compliance CTP, review ClearCaptions FCC Compliance Training (PowerPoint attached). By marking this task as complete you are certifying you have completed and understand the provided training
Watch installation tutorial video attached to the work order. "ClearCaptions - Landline Phone Install Video"
Print and review the "CC Caption Phone Install Checklist" and "Voicemail Access Guide" attached to the work order
Print the Printable Badge &amp; Authorization contained in the work order. Use as identification when arriving onsite.
Confirm you have an Rj11 Splitter Adapter on hand as this will not be onsite and may be required to complete installation.
On Site
Check in
Confirm intended user of caption phone will be present for appointment. If not contact us immediately at 888.317.2703.
Confirm customer has active landline service. *If customer does not have active landline service or active jack in preferred location you MUST call 866.868.8695 for instruction before proceeding with installation.
Confirm customer login credentials, User Name &amp; User Password- Is located under Buyer Customer Fields listed as "User Name" and "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order. If unable to locate call 888.317.2703
By completing this task I confirm the caption phone was installed as PSTN or conversion to Voip installation was approved by ClearCaptions. *Voip conversion without authorization or misrepresenting services onsite is strictly prohibited.
Confirm each step listed in the printed "PSTN Installation Checklist" was followed and completed, including all training steps with the customer
Check and confirm new caption phone, other home telephones, extension phones, and/or internet connected devices physically plugged into the modem or router. If a device is not operational call to 866.868.8695 option 1 prior to leaving site.
Completed Medical Release Form (MRF) via esign: https://apps.esignlive.com/ft?token=bm83WUsxV0xJdS1MTXlaMTdkVnUwa0hQOWZnPSZ0cnVl
By completing this task I confirm I did not make any calls to nor did I receive any calls from the end user and contact information was not exchanged.
Confirm Welcome Call was completed with ClearCaptions Representative by dialing: 1.866.992.0089. If the Welcome Call is not completed the work order is subject to non-payment.
If the installation has failed for any reason and the device is to be returned to ClearCaptions use the included pre-paid mailing label in the box. Update Return Tracking field with tracking number on the label. If a return is not needed enter "NA"
Enter shipping details for Return Tracking (if applicable)
Check out
Post
Enter closeout notes
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
No time has been logged on this work order.
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
A cancellation fee has been applied.
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$65.00
Rate
$65.00
First Hour
1
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$25.00
Additional Hour
1 Max
Service Charges1
$3.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
Total Service Charges
$3.00
Total
$27.00
Schedule
Sat, Oct 21, 2023

Arrive at 11:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
NEWARK, NJ 07107 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
