# Work Order 8690016

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/8690016  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:10:40  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#8690016
On 10/16/2020
Deployment Win 7 - 10
Company: Maintech
	
Time Logged
7.44 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$230.45
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Sasha Hilliard
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: Maintech
Overall satisfaction:
 (20383)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Other
Service Description







Retail Deployment

1) Wear a mask and take a disinfectant to clean after yourself

2) Check in with bridge number (to be provided) before entering site

2) Work with manager to sway old Win7 PC's for new Win10 Devices. You will also be working with bridge support staff to make sure we have a successful swap.

3) Work with staff to test and validate all devices

4) Check out with both site contact and bridge. Affix provided labels to boxes and tape boxes closed. A picture needs to be provided showing that boxes have been labeled with UPS Label, Old model # has been written on the box and the box has been taped.  

Provider will be charged back for the time it takes me to complete if this is not completed.




Travel to and from site to be paid as long as the distance/ time are reasonable. 

View Less
Policies & Procedures
PROVIDER SHOULD NEVER USE THE NAME OF HIS/HER COMPANY OR FIELD NATION WHILE ONSITE.

Under no circumstances should the provider discuss pricing, scheduling, other services, or any matter not directly related to this service call with the customer. Any requests by the customer should be red
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/18/2020 at 11:25 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/21/2020 at 8:33 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/21/2020 at 9:33 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
This is a notation on this work order in reference to another tech who became loud and enraged onsite. It was close to closing and he was engaged in work not included in the work order. The bank was closing and he was out of scope. He left several times and was not working as a team onsite. He started yelling when I was inquiring about how much work was left. I am a strong tech with 13 years experience with bank deployments since 2009. Apparently, I am being described in gendered terms; pushy and aggressive. If I were male then my experience and knowledge would not be an issue. The other tech was unprofessional and creating a scene because I, am a women, asked him to update me on how much more work needed to be completed.

The other tech remained and I left because he was yelling and making a scene. I checked out, spoke with the bridge and what work remained was given to Ryan to complete. This included debit card testing.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/21/2020 at 9:53 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.44 Total hours
7.44 hours
9/21/2020 at 8:33 AM(EDT)
0.26 miles from site
9/21/2020 at 4:00 PM(EDT)
1.15 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/21/2020 at 8:33 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$260.40
Rate
$35.00
Hours
7.44 Logged / 8 Max
Service Charges2
$29.95
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$260.40
Total Service Charges
$29.95
Total
$230.45
Schedule
Mon, Sep 21, 2020

Arrive at 8:30 AM (EDT)

Estimated 5 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10003 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
