# Work Order 5552216

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5552216  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:23:01  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5552216
 Bundled: 1 of 5
On 10/12/2018
FIRM START | POS Refresh - Estimated Hours
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
8.32 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$162.36
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Project Source
	
Company Ratings 
Essintial ID: 73
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

**This work order is part of a bundle - all work is to be completed at the same site over multiple nights. By accepting one you are accepting all within the bundle. If you back out of ANY of the site visits within the bundle, you will be paid $0 for the entire bundle.**

Scope of Work:
Technician will be onsite, potentially with multiple techs, to complete a POS Refresh. You will work with the store lead to stage new equipment, de-install old equipment and install the new equipment. Please understand you will be in a live environment and you need to be professional and mindful of customers and registers that are in use.  

You will be required to complete your deliverables such as photos and a checklist by copying/pasting the link from your additional fields in to your web browser. Deliverables MUST be completed and submitted while onsite.

You are required to be onsite no later than your scheduled time, failure to arrive on time could result in a rescheduled event and escalation. Average onsite time is 8 hours but please note this could be more or less based on the amount of equipment onsite or any potential delays. You are required to stay onsite until the work is complete and store lead releases you. NOTE: You MUST remain onsite the entire length of time until complete or face penalties/non-payment. Your actual pay will be calculated based on hours worked, work completed, penalties assessed and deliverables received.

Important Scope/Customer Information:

You will receive pre-calls at 24 hours and 2 hours prior to your ETA. If you do not answer or reply, you may lose the work as confirmation is a Contractual obligation and a cancellation fee will not be granted.
Meet the store lead at the employee entrance to gain access to site. You will need to be escorted to security to get a visitors pass.
You will not be paid for work performed prior to your work order’s scheduled start time. Please contact Essintial if the customer is asking you to deviate from this service date or time

Physical Requirements:

Must be able to bend, kneel, stand and lift, carry 50lbs repeatedly for extended periods of time

Tools Required:

Standard Tools
Box Cutter
Pen
Gloves
Headlamp or small flashlight
Small Phillips head screw driver
Slotted / common screw driver
Cell phone charger
Camera or phone with camera capabilities
Laptop or Phone with internet ability, as deliverable must be sent before leaving site.

Upon Arrival at site:
Check in via your FN App – if you are unable to do so then you MUST call Essintial @ 855-612-2183 opt 2 to check in

Introduce yourself as Essintial technician there to assist with POS Refresh




Upon Completion/Closeout Requirements:
Obtain site lead signature on online release form & submit prior to leaving site.
Call Essintial Project Team @ 855-612-2183 opt 2 to check out.






Online Deliverable - The link to your online deliverable is listed in your additional fields section of your work order. It is not a hyperlink. You must copy & paste it in to your web browser. 

This link is custom to your work order so please do not attempt to use the same link for multiple sites. 

Please be sure you copy/paste the entire link in order for the data to pull correctly in to it. 

IF YOUR 1ST PAGE OF YOUR SURVEY DOES NOT LIST YOUR SITE INFORMATION (Address, Essintial SO#, etc.) THEN YOUR LINK IS NOT VALID. PLEASE RECHECK YOUR COPY/PASTE AND TRY AGAIN. 

View Less
Policies & Procedures
WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. UPDATES: You must always provide on-site update/deferral, and closing times of a work order in “REAL TIME”. If you do not utilize the “CHIPS” application then
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/1/2018 at 12:25 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/2/2018 at 7:39 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/2/2018 at 4:57 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
by George. 7 units installed.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/2/2018 at 5:26 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
8.32 Total hours
3.9 hours
10/2/2018 at 1:03 PM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
10/2/2018 at 4:57 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/2/2018 at 1:03 PM(EDT)
4.42 hours
10/2/2018 at 7:39 AM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
10/2/2018 at 12:04 PM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/2/2018 at 7:39 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$183.04
Rate
$88.00
First Hours
4
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$22.00
Additional Hours
4.32 Logged / 4.32 M...
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$20.68
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$183.04
Total Service Charges
$20.68
Total
$162.36
Schedule
Tue, Oct 2, 2018

Arrive at 7:45 AM (EDT)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10022 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
