# Work Order 15970595

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15970595  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:26:38  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15970595
On 10/4/2024
Need tech to replace hard disk drive - DELL POWEREDGE R520
Customer/Company Name: Barnes and Noble|Service Express Ticket Number: 1283191|System Detail - Equipment: Dell PowerEdge R520
Company: Service Express, Inc
	
Time Logged
0.53 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$116.66
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Al Alvarez
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: Service Express, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (11188)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Server/Storage
Additional Types of Work:
Networking
Service Type:
Repair
Work Order Qualifications
There are no requirements for requesting or being assigned to this work order.
Service Description

If you are from a Service Company and the person assigned the work order is NOT the person going, you MUST let Service Express know PRIOR to going on site and provide us with the option to accept or reject the new FE. This is non-negotiable.

FAILURE TO CHECK IN AND OUT WITH THE WORK ORDER MANAGER WILL RESULT IN AN AUTOMATIC -1 TO STAR RATING AND POSSIBLE $20 PENALTY

Additional expenses like travel, parking, tolls, etc. must be submitted via counter-offer before WO assignment and will not be approved after ticket is assigned unless discussed and approved by work order manager via messages within Field Nation platform.

FE must stay on site for the duration of the work until the customer confirms and releases you.




REQUIRED STEPS FOR THIS WORK ORDER UPON ARRIVAL

Contact Work Order Manager to check in. 
PLEASE CONTACT WORK ORDER MANAGER FOR ANY QUESTIONS, CONCERNS, OR IF SUPPORT IS NEEDED
Gather part from manager on duty
MUST contact Barnes & Noble tech support before ANY work is done (info in contact field)
Document name of person you work with on Barnes & Noble tech support team
Contact Work Order Manager to check out




CALL DETAILS

Server: Dell PowerEdge R520

SN: HFM78X1

Type of part being replaced: Hard disk drive

Replacement Part Number: F617N - DELL 300GB 15K DISK SAS-600 3.5IN (PE)

Incident Number: INC1465264

Store Number: 2776

Additional Details:

Assigned provider must contact B&N support prior to performing any work.

Failed drive is in slot 5.




PART SHIPMENT INFO (if applicable)

DO NOT go to site until part is confirmed to be delivered!

Is part shipping to site: YES




QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS

Experience working on server equipment detailed above
Strong track record of reliability and timeliness
Ability to adhere to SLA/schedule listed in this work order; please only request/accept this job if you can meet the schedule deadlines

REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT:

Provider must close out work order as Work Done BEFORE leaving site if possible. 
This work order may be subject to cancellation and non-payment if not marked as Work Done within 48-hours of service.
View Less
Standard Instructions
**Note: While onsite please refrain from asking the onsite contact or anyone at the customer site how to fix what you are there to work on. 
If assistance is needed or you have questions please call the Work Order Manager. SE provides all back line technical support.

When to Escalate
**Call your Work Order Manager if any of the following happens:

DOA Part
System crashes during service
Customer voices concern during service
Late arrival (call Work Order Manager)



1.Field Nation provider is assigned to the Work Order. 

2.SE contact calls provider with any additonal details needed for service that may not have been already included in the work order. This will include parts details, site contact, etc....
View More
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****
-Failure to comply with the any of our policies
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 11:50 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 2:38 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 3:10 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Arrived
called into the Help Desk: admin set up server for swap
swapped the drive
waited for the reboot
released by admin at the help desk: Carl
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 2:57 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Customer/Company Name*
Barnes and Noble



Tracking number
General

Service Express Ticket Number*
1283191



System Detail - Equipment*Make / model and description of equipment onsite
Dell PowerEdge R520
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.53 Total hours
0.53 hours
10/4/2024 at 2:38 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
10/4/2024 at 3:10 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/4/2024 at 2:38 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$140.00
Pay Amount
$140.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$22.96
Taxes1
$0.38
Sum
Work Order Cost
$140.00
Total Service Charges
$22.96
Taxes
$0.38
Total
$116.66
Schedule
Fri, Oct 4, 2024

Arrive at 3:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
South Burlington, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
