# Work Order 16146732

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/16146732  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:28:10  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#16146732
On 11/9/2024
OnSite Coverage - 5073168 (SCTASK10232234)-
Company: Hemmersbach US
	
Time Logged
0.71 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$83.33
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Dispatch Support Team
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
9
Engagement
Overview
Company: Hemmersbach US
Overall satisfaction:
 (14758)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Troubleshooting
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Service Description

Service Description:




Moredetails: Requested For (Input the name of the person that will receive the service): Chander Kant, Tarun

Email Address : tarun.chanderkant@aig.com

Describe the requirement(s) in detail: IP *************

**********




on this device ************* we are getting authentication error. Please visit onsite and check Network cable if its faulty. Also please switch the port to near by port and check if same issue is occurring or not.




FYI.. MXBCK1M0BF) in the same subnet ************* is working fine, so you can use this port for testing.

Best Contact Number for requester/additional contact * **********

***** ******* *** ********** ******* ****** * *************************

Office Location: ** **** ******************************** *****************

Justificationspecialinstructions: The printer near the kitchen is the one currently having the log on issue.

** **** ******************************** *****************




Please visit onsite and check faulty cable and port.

Requirements:

Standard tools should be but are not limited to below

Mobile phone – to communicate with Support Teams
Hot Spot – to connect Laptop for network access either device or via mobile phone – but needs this to connect PC to internet
PC with win 10 and admin rights on the PC – Should not be a MAC needs to be windows device
Console Cable – Cisco USB to RJ45 Rollover
Console cable - USB to Serial with DB9 – RJ45 connector
Console Cable – USB to USB Mini B rollover
Lan Cable 3 – 6 Feet - to connect PC to switch or router that they are working on
Standard screwdriver set – Philips Head #1, #2 and #3 tips and Flat Head
Plyers




For tickets located in the west ( Mountain & Pacific time ): If ticket goes past 4pm Mountain time or 3 pm Pacific time please send an email of the closing notes to

ACN-AIG.GSD@hemmersbach.com, amanda.brown@hemmersbach.com and dispatch-miami@hemmersbach.com







﻿· Arrive on time and check in with the designated contact upon arrival.

· Dress in professional attire and ensure proper footwear is worn, adhering to site-specific safety guidelines.

· Address all concerns, including rates, issues encountered, or changes in work order assignments, directly with Hemmersbach, not with the customer.

· Ensure all site-related tasks and interactions are documented clearly before leaving, including obtaining necessary signatures.

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 11/4/2024 at 2:09 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 11/5/2024 at 12:14 PM(EDT)
On Site
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 11/5/2024 at 12:57 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
areived onsite and was greeted by Abby. i restarted the printer and swapped the ethernet cable. the device was returned to the network. i helped Abby update the notes for a badge scanner issue connected to the loss of connectivity.
Completed by you on 11/5/2024 at 1:46 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.71 Total hours
0.71 hours
11/5/2024 at 12:14 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
11/5/2024 at 12:57 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/5/2024 at 12:14 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
IMG_20241105_122659147_HDR.jpg(164.36 KB)
11/5/2024 at 1:46 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$100.00
Pay Amount
$100.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
3
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$16.40
Taxes1
$0.27
Sum
Work Order Cost
$100.00
Total Service Charges
$16.40
Taxes
$0.27
Total
$83.33
Schedule
Tue, Nov 5, 2024

Arrive at 12:30 PM (EST)

Estimated 3 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Burlington, VT 05401 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
