# Work Order 16235345

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/16235345  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:28:32  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#16235345
On 11/27/2024
Bank Monitor Refresh
Company: Allied Digital Services LLC
	
Time Logged
2.22 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$100.59
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Mynde Dooley
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Allied Digital Services LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (296)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Certification	c++
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Service Description

Scope: 10 Monitors

 Check In and Out with Mynde




 Monitors will be exchanged only for another monitor. 1-1 Exchange

 empty office no monitor....DOES NOT GET A MONITOR!

 OLD MONITORS HAVE TO BE RECYCLED COLLEAGUES ARE NOT ALLOWED TO TAKE THEM 

 Remove Old Monitor and Reinstall New Monitors.
Use Longer USB Cable for install. (shipped separate)
 Start with Banker (24" Monitor) and Teller Line(22" Monitor) first
Hotel stations and Training Stations last.
Pack old monitors in boxes. REMOVE BASES AND DISPOSE OF BASE.
If you can fit more than one in a box great
Old Monitors will be recycled.
Pack Port Replicators
To be returned to Depot

 NO BRANCHES ARE NOT TO KEEP ANY EXTRA FOR SPARES THEY HAVE TO BE RETURNED

 Upon check out call Mynde and note

All Monitors replaced?
Do you need additional Monitors for this site?
Are there extra monitors? How many?
How many port replicators are being returned?
How many labels are required?
Old Monitors
Port replicators.




Overview:

Seeking a technician with experience in networking, troubleshooting, and Point of Sale (POS) systems.
Tech is required to provide on-site support and resolution for network issues, troubleshoot hardware and software problems, and assist with POS system maintenance and setup.
Estimated duration: 2-4 hours dependent

Dress Code:

Business casual

Tools Required:

Network cable tester
Basic hand tools (screwdrivers, pliers, etc.)
Multimeter
Mobile phone with data connectivity

Pre-Site Requirements:

Review the work order and understand the scope of tasks.
Review all attached documents
Ensure all necessary tools and equipment are prepared and functional.

On-Site Tasks:

Check-in to work order and introduce yourself to the onsite contact. You represent ****** ******* ******** while onsite.
Connect to the bridge line and follow the support engineer's instructions.
Assess and troubleshoot networking issues, including router/switch configurations, cabling, and connectivity.
Diagnose and resolve POS system issues, including hardware malfunctions and software errors.
Perform routine maintenance and setup as required.
Document findings and actions taken in the work order system.
Ensure all work is completed to client satisfaction.

Required On-Site Deliverables:

Collect a signature from the MOD once all tasks have been completed.
Completed work order with detailed closeout notes on tasks performed and issues resolved.

Check-out of Work Order:

Review the completed work with the onsite contact.
Update the work order with any final notes and submit for review. Include feedback on any follow-up actions required or recommended.

Escalation Process:

If clarification is needed on the work order, discuss it with the work order manager.
Any issues or questions should be escalated to the work order manager.

Additional Hours & Expenses Approval Payment Policy:

Any work that extends beyond the estimated duration or incurs additional expenses must be pre-approved in advance by the work order manager.
Document any additional hours or expenses and seek authorization before proceeding with extra work.
All reported expenses need to have a receipt submitted for review. Any additional expenses or hours may be denied without pre-approval from the work order manager.
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by the platform on 11/20/2024 at 4:31 PM(EDT)
On Site
Call *************** regarding Questions and Prior to Leaving
Completed by you on 11/26/2024 at 11:22 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Photos of completed monitor swaps with proper cable mangment.
View Photo
Completed by you on 11/26/2024 at 11:23 AM(EDT)
Check in
Completed by you on 11/26/2024 at 9:08 AM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 11/26/2024 at 11:22 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
site complete
one extra banker monitor
two return boxes
6 ewaste boxes. all monitors and stands are boxed.
Completed by you on 11/26/2024 at 11:25 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.22 Total hours
2.22 hours
11/26/2024 at 9:08 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
11/26/2024 at 11:21 AM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/26/2024 at 9:08 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Photos of completed monitor swaps with proper cable mangment. (5)
IMG_20241126_100518324_HDR.jpg(151.73 KB)
11/26/2024 at 11:24 AM
Approved on 11/26/2024 at 11:24 AM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20241126_101437366_HDR.jpg(137.41 KB)
11/26/2024 at 11:24 AM
Approved on 11/26/2024 at 11:24 AM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20241126_101437366_HDR.jpg(137.41 KB)
11/26/2024 at 11:23 AM
Approved on 11/26/2024 at 11:24 AM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20241126_095131215_HDR.jpg(145.09 KB)
11/26/2024 at 11:23 AM
Approved on 11/26/2024 at 11:24 AM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20241126_095550092.jpg(109.19 KB)
11/26/2024 at 11:23 AM
Approved on 11/26/2024 at 11:24 AM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Brandy Coolum Signature
Collected on 11/26/2024 at 11:36 AM(EDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 4 days 
Learn more
Labor
$120.00
Pay Amount
$120.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
2
Service Charges3
$19.08
Taxes1
$0.33
Sum
Work Order Cost
$120.00
Total Service Charges
$19.08
Taxes
$0.33
Total
$100.59
Schedule
Tue, Nov 26, 2024

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by the platform. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
St Albans, VT 05478 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
