# Work Order 9051671

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9051671  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:17:25  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9051671
On 12/24/2020
Tier I Desktop Support - POS Fan Replacement - Best Buy
Company: Resource Solutions Group Inc.
	
Time Logged
4.69 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$103.76
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Zach Works
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: Resource Solutions Group Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (15289)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description
Assigned tech will transport equipment from UPS/FedEx/other location to Best Buy Retail Store, assuming location is within 10 miles of retail store. Insight (client) will provide shipping to FedEx and address to field tech for pickup
Check in with Best Buy Geek Squad Manager
Inventory and unpack all equipment
·Power unit down remove all cables and perform work steps as described in the Insight Field Procedures and listed in below in the SOW. Install replacement fan, put unit back together, power on and verify functionality through software screen.
Tech is required to wear a mask at all times while at the customer location even if the customer site is not mandatory. Tech is required to use an ESD Matt, ESD Wrist Strap and Rubber Gloves during fan replacement. Tech may leave the suspect fans with Best Buy for disposal. Tech may contact a Best Buy provided technical help desk with any issues during installation: 866-241-7643
 Estimated time at each location would be a approx. 30 minutes per fan.




To remove the fan: 1. Prepare the computer for disassembly (Preparation for disassembly on page 19)2. Remove the rear cover and shield (Rear cover and shield on page 28)3. Remove the 2.5-inch hard drive, if installed (Removing and installing a 2.5-inch hard drive on page 37)4. Remove the hard drive bracket (Hard drive bracket on page 43)5. Remove the VESA mount bracket (VESA mount bracket on page 44)6. Position the VESA mount bracket upside down7. Remove the three Torx screws (1) that secure the fan to the VESA mount bracket8. Remove the fan from the bracket (2)




* 30 minute per device is the norm.




Video illustrating Fan Replacement RP9 System: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hftLL3m1qiny6rt1yDy3oga9Xent4v-K/view?usp=sharing

Completion Procedures
Ensure all POS system areas were left as close as possible to how you found them when you arrived.
Do not leave the site until you have checked out with both Best Buy and Insight.
Call Best Buy at 866-241-7643 and report that you have replaced the fans on the specific INC numbers from the provided list you used to identify the POS systems.
Call Insight at 800-359-2620 to obtain an approval code allowing you to check out within FieldPower.







Required Tools:

Smart Phone

Torx Driver Set - T15 & T20 Torx Screwdriver will be used.

Basic Desktop Toolkit

Plastic Gloves to be worn when handling the POS machine. 




You MUST have the INSIGHT FIELD POWER mobile app to work on any sites for this project. 

Download the Field Power Mobile App:

IOS: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/insight-fieldpower/id1411410972

Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.insight.FPMobile&hl=en_US

For app troubleshooting, contact Insight: 800-359-2620 (option 5 or 9)

View Less
Standard Instructions
All deliverables are required to be recieved and processed by our client in order for the work order to be considered complete. Work orders with incomplete or missing deliverables will result in a halt to payments until the deliverables have been received and processed. 

Full SOW instructions will be sent via email and will contain all of the information necessary as well as further information on on-site procedures and deliverables.

All expenses must be pre-approved, unless noted otherwise.
Policies & Procedures
While dealing with our client’s command center, you are representing Resource Solutions Group at all times. It is absolutely critical that you present yourself as a technician hired and deployed by Resource Solutions Group in any and all interactions with the Insight command center.
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/7/2020 at 11:49 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/15/2020 at 10:49 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/15/2020 at 3:30 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
installed 13
all funtional and verified
all incidents closed
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/15/2020 at 5:48 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
4.69 Total hours
4.69 hours
12/15/2020 at 10:49 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
12/15/2020 at 3:30 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/15/2020 at 10:49 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 7 days 
Learn more
Labor
$117.25
Rate
$25.00
Hours
4.69 Logged / 8 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$13.49
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$117.25
Total Service Charges
$13.49
Total
$103.76
Schedule
Tue, Dec 15, 2020

Arrive at 10:30 AM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Brooklyn, NY 11214 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
