# Work Order 4680948

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4680948  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:09:22  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4680948
On 3/27/2018
Medical Alert Unit Installation & Test
Company: Life Station
	
Time Logged
0.1 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$44.35
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Sara Blumberg
	
Company Ratings 
Life Station ID: 2077
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Life Station
Overall satisfaction:
 (4756)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Other
Service Description

This work order is for a simple medical alert installation. Prior to completing the work order, the unit must be setup and tested with the user. Additionally, you should help to update any new emergency contacts for the user as needed. Also included in the box are two copies of our service agreement. Please have the client sign and date one of them and mail it back to us in the enclosed, self-addressed, stamped envelope. In most cases, the unit has already been delivered via UPS to the client’s home. Assigned providers will be sent the tracking number for the unit to confirm delivery. You will need to contact the client to arrange a time and date for installation. This may require multiple phone calls and not all users speak English.  Please keep us informed of your status along the way.

If you make an appointment, confirm the appointment the day of and show up, but no one is home, it is at our discretion to pay you a one-time payment of $20 for your time. It is then up to the provider if they would like to try again to complete the work order.

Should the user decline service once you get to the home, or if you are bringing a replacement unit to them, please retrieve our old unit. We will provide you with a pre-paid return shipping label to send back to us. 

**THIS SERVICE IS A FREE SERVICE TO THE USER AND IS PAID FOR BY THEIR MEDICAID PROVIDER**

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/2/2018 at 1:38 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/24/2018 at 11:19 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/24/2018 at 11:25 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
installed and tested
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/24/2018 at 11:26 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.1 Total hours
0.1 hours
3/24/2018 at 11:19 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
3/24/2018 at 11:25 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/24/2018 at 11:19 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$50.00
Pay Amount
$50.00
Service Charges2
$5.65
Sum
Work Order Cost
$50.00
Total Service Charges
$5.65
Total
$44.35
Schedule
Tue, Mar 27, 2018

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
JERSEY CITY, NJ 07306 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
