# Work Order 1375119

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1375119  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:29:14  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1375119
On 6/5/2015
Replacing 2-8 scan guns & testing
Company: Spencer Technologies
	
Time Logged
3.7 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$114.87
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jennifer Gentry
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Spencer Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (178137)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

 Once work is complete please get a checkout #. For Serial scanners, remove RS-232 connection from back of register and trace and remove power brick, For USB scanners located and remove USB cable on the back of the register, Note:  For any model other than DS-9208, the cable will need be removed.  It will not work with the never scanner even though the new cable looks similar.  Install New scanner in available USB port. Program Register and Scanner. For Serial Scanner Replacements, we need to run a registry update on the register.  Use a “breakout” sequence to access windows in order to run a script.  Register Reboot is required after the programming. Box up old scanner equipment for recycling

View Less
Standard Instructions
Timeliness is IMPERATIVE to Spencer Technologies. Please arrive within 5 min of start time. Being late may result in pay reduction.

This section contains:

Work Order Cancelation process
Professionalism and Conduct
Appearance and Hygiene
Deliverable Penalties/Workmanship Pictures
Turn Away Fee
Late Fee(arriving late)
 
Work Order Cancelation/Questions with the Scope of Work

If you are going to be late or canceling please call 508-635-2100 opt 1 - opt 5 and follow the correct process on the Field Nation Platform. Keep a record of who you spoke to when calling
View More
Policies & Procedures
***New Policy Change- listed below for convenience**

During the term of this Agreement/work order, Contractor shall comply with all applicable statutes, laws and regulations (“Laws”), including without limitation Laws relating to labor relations, fair employ
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/1/2015 at 6:50 AM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/1/2015 at 7:05 AM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
installed scanners with only one reporting pin pad errors.
ticket was generated for pin pad
mgr on duty verified work before departure
confirmation # inc0179146

additional time onsite was discussed with Alexa.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/2/2015 at 10:18 AM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/1/2015 at 10:47 AM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
3.7 Total hours
3.7 hours
6/1/2015 at 7:05 AM(PDT)
0.26 miles from site
6/1/2015 at 10:47 AM(PDT)
0.12 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 6/1/2015 at 7:05 AM(PDT)
Deliverables
Misc (1)
wobnscanners.pdf(60.41 KB)
6/2/2015 at 10:18 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$129.50
Rate
$35.00
Hours
3.7 Logged / 3.7 Max

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$14.63
Sum
Work Order Cost
$129.50
Total Service Charges
$14.63
Total
$114.87
Schedule
Mon, Jun 1, 2015

Arrive at 7:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Seattle, WA 98126 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
