# Work Order 7421170

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/7421170  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:54:43  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#7421170
On 12/6/2019
Kiosk de-install
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
	
Time Logged
1.54 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$88.50
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Gary Baugh
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (11626)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Recruitment	Fujitsu Preferred Technichians FN New Work
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Call the Staples Command Center once onsite and to get permission to leave site. Tech to de-install Pass kiosk and remove card reader from register 5. Use Staples Pass Kiosk and EFI card reader de-install Guide. Any major issues call Barry Bell.


Standard Instructions
**Mandatory pre-call 2 hours before start time.**

All phone numbers for Checking in and out, points of contact escalations are in the Confidential Information section of your work order.  You do not need to call the FLS tech hotline 214-429-4029 to check in or out.



Prior to departing site submit your work order using the Field Nation Mobile App.  

Ensure proper grounding with an ESD device when adding, replacing and/or removing internal components.

The use of scissor lifts or other types of motorized lifts is not authorized.  If an appropriate sized ladder is not available contact FLS or the Project Manager immediately.





Policies & Procedures
1.  Pre-calls.  You will receive a day before and a 2 hour before start time phone confirmation pre-call for all Fujitsu work orders assigned to you. 
Response is mandatory. 
If we are unable to conta
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/15/2019 at 6:52 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/5/2019 at 8:54 AM(EDT)
Upon arrival contact the Staples Command Center at 888-438-4800 options 2, 4, 7.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/5/2019 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Call the Staples Command Center upon completion for release.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/5/2019 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/5/2019 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Removed all of the e-waste from the kiosk
Kiosk in the back and no self service fax in customer area.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/5/2019 at 10:28 AM(EDT)
Time Log
1.54 Total hours
1.54 hours
12/5/2019 at 8:54 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
12/5/2019 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/5/2019 at 8:54 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Tim sullivan Signature
Collected on 12/5/2019 at 10:30 AM(EDT)
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 1 day 
Learn more
Labor
$100.00
Pay Amount
$100.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$11.50
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$100.00
Total Service Charges
$11.50
Total
$88.50
Schedule
Thu, Dec 5, 2019

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Queens, NY 11377 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
