# Work Order 15824918

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15824918  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:25:49  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15824918
On 9/7/2024
Fujifilm VNX Photo Kiosk Service (Kiosk network is offline) Ethernet or network troubleshooting
Company: Retail Imaging Management Group, Inc.
	
Time Logged
0.62 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$71.67
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
FX3 PSC Group
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Retail Imaging Management Group, Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (3699)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Kiosk
Additional Types of Work:
Windows Device
Point of Sale
Networking
Service Type:
Repair
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Service Description

IMPORTANT: You are representing Fujifilm and are to conduct business as a Fujifilm technician. Please do not mention the Field Nation platform, Retail Imaging or discuss pay arrangements with the staff. Any questions regarding the assignment are to be discussed with Admin Support via 866-446-5759 x2.

DESCRIPTION: Perform service on a Fujifilm VNX Photo Kiosk Terminal located in the Photo Center. This could include maintenance, troubleshooting and parts replacement. The service must take place between 8 am and 6 pm local time, if parts have shipped your arrival should be coordinated after the parts have arrived. Any parts that were unused will need to be returned. You will need to list what parts are being returned and provide the tracking number information. If the issue was resolved, Images must be provided showing Before & After completed work, along with one print from the instant printer and back lab printer(s), return tracking and picture of item(s) being returned.




Fin#: 127768

Problem Description diagnose connectivity issue ***




JOB SCOPE:

Within 24 hours of the visit contact the location to notify them of your ETA.
Review the Work Order support documents before arriving onsite.
Print a copy of the Badge ID document attached to this work order to bring with you onsite.
When you arrive at Walmart, go to the customer service desk and sign in as a vendor. If this is a Walgreens, check in with the Manager on Duty. Inform them you are representing Fujifilm performing service in the Photo Center on the Fujifilm VNX Photo Kiosk.
Confirm with the (MOD) or Photo Center operator the problem occurring.
Confirm if any parts were sent in advance for troubleshooting.
Contact the support team at 866-446-5759 to confirm the troubleshooting steps needed to diagnose the issue.
Take a Before photo of the Kiosk, Upon completing the service take a picture of the completed work, complete at least one print to verify the instant printer and the backlab printer is fully functional.
If parts or supplies are needed contact the support team at 866-446-5759 to place an order and provide any images of damaged parts.
If any parts are replaced or unused, complete the RA return form, take a picture of the form for uploading, package them up with the form, affix the return label, take a picture of the return label for uploading, and request the package is scanned into the system by a MOD.
If the used parts did not come with a shipping label for return, it can be left onsite for disposal.
Complete the work order, checkout with the (MOD) and get their signature.
All Walmart location(s), will need to visit the customer service desk and sign out of the vendor log.

LICENCES/CERTIFICATIONS/CHECKS REQUIRED:

Background Check with No Warrants

TOOLS/SUPPLIES REQUIRED:

Fujifilm VNX Photo Kiosk Operations Manual
Screwdriver Set (#1 and #2 Phillips)
Pliers
Gloves
Microfiber Cleaning Cloth
Basic Tool Kit
Parts (located at the store)
Printed Badge ID (document attached to the work order)

DRESS CODE:

Business casual (collar or plain shirt no logos or advertisement, clean work pants or dark jeans with no holes and closed toe shoes).

DELIVERABLES REQUIRED:

Work Order Completed and Signed by Store Manager on Duty

ESCALATIONS:

If the job goes beyond 2 hours you must contact the work order manager for approval to continue.Hourly Rate over 2 hours will be at 50.00hr.
View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 9/6/2024 at 5:43 PM(EDT)
Print a copy of the Badge ID document attached to this work order to bring with you onsite.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/7/2024 at 3:08 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 4:37 PM(EDT)
On Site
When you arrive at Walmart, go to the customer service desk and sign in as a vendor. If this is a Walgreens, check in with the Manager on Duty. Inform them you are representing Fujifilm performing service in the Photo Center on the VNX Photo Kiosk.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/7/2024 at 4:43 PM(EDT)
Confirm with the (MOD) or Photo Center operator the problem occurring and confirm if any parts were sent in advance for troubleshooting.
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 5:12 PM(EDT)
Once on site please contact support line call 866-446-5759 for troubleshooting. We will walk you through all the troubleshooting steps, part installation, diagnose error codes, place part requests and send you a test order to verify functionality.
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 5:12 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of of Left, right, and center of Equipment before and after work is compled. Submit order and verify the order is recieved from Landscape server.
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 5:15 PM(EDT)
If parts or supplies are needed contact the support team at 866-446-5759 to place an order and provide any images of damaged parts.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/7/2024 at 5:14 PM(EDT)
Parts Return: take a picture of the form for uploading, package items in original box with the form, affix the return label, write CS# on OUTSIDE of box, take a picture of the return label for uploading, and provide the package to the (MOD).
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/7/2024 at 5:14 PM(EDT)
If the used parts did not come with a shipping label for return, it can be left onsite for disposal.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/7/2024 at 5:14 PM(EDT)
Complete the work order, checkout with the (MOD) and get their signature.
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 5:13 PM(EDT)
All Walmart locations, require you to go to the customer service desk and sign out of the vendor log.
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 5:12 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Parts Return RA Form
View Photo
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 5:15 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/7/2024 at 5:14 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
unit operational
Completed by you on 9/7/2024 at 5:15 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
General

Client Approval of Work Performed (Retail)*Refers to the manager on duty (MOD) who confirmed the work performed.
Cathleen Bowen
Time Log
0.62 Total hours
0.62 hours
9/7/2024 at 4:37 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
9/7/2024 at 5:14 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 9/7/2024 at 4:37 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
of Left, right, and center of Equipment before and after work is compled. Submit order and verify the order is recieved from Landscape server. (1)
IMG_20240907_171415082.jpg(169.41 KB)
9/7/2024 at 5:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Parts Return RA Form (1)
IMG_20240907_171139756.jpg(149.89 KB)
9/7/2024 at 5:15 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (1)
IMG_20240907_171139756.jpg(149.9 KB)
9/7/2024 at 5:13 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$85.00
Pay Amount
$85.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1
Service Charges2
$13.10
Taxes1
$0.23
Sum
Work Order Cost
$85.00
Total Service Charges
$13.10
Taxes
$0.23
Total
$71.67
Schedule
Sat, Sep 7, 2024

Arrive at 5:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
WILLISTON, VT 05495 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
