# Work Order 7487687

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/7487687  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:55:27  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Cancelled#7487687
On 11/19/2019
POS register HDD replacement
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
	
Schedule: Arrival Window
11/20/2019 at 6:00 AM(EDT)
11/20/2019 at 6:00 AM(EDT) 
Estimated Duration: 4 hours
	
New York, NY 10017 US
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jason Carter
Print
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (11626)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Recruitment	Fujitsu Preferred Technichians FN New Work
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Arrive at 6AM. Check in with STS. Remove existing HDD from Register #'s 6-10. Install customer supplied loaded drive. Reimage HDD. Package defective drive for return, utilizing the box from the drive. Affix customer supplied FDX return label. Leave package with Manager on Duty for return to L Brands. Record HP unit serial number in closing comments. Check out with STS. Refer to CID: HP SSD Replacement Guide. SDM: Renee Wilson.

View Less
Standard Instructions
**Mandatory pre-call 2 hours before start time.**

All phone numbers for Checking in and out, points of contact escalations are in the Confidential Information section of your work order.  You do not need to call the FLS tech hotline 214-429-4029 to check in or out.



Prior to departing site submit your work order using the Field Nation Mobile App.  

Ensure proper grounding with an ESD device when adding, replacing and/or removing internal components.

The use of scissor lifts or other types of motorized lifts is not authorized.  If an appropriate sized ladder is not available contact FLS or the Project Manager immediately.





Policies & Procedures
1.  Pre-calls.  You will receive a day before and a 2 hour before start time phone confirmation pre-call for all Fujitsu work orders assigned to you. 
Response is mandatory. 
If we are unable to conta
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Walter Barrios on 11/13/2019 at 5:21 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Check in with STS 614-415-5525.
Check out with STS 614-415-5525.
Package defective drive for return, utilizing the box from the drive. Affix customer supplied FDX return label. Leave package with Manager on Duty for return to L Brands.
Check out
Post
Enter closeout notes
Time Log
No time has been logged on this work order.
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Cancellation Fee
$40.00
A cancellation fee has been applied.
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 1 day 
Learn more
Labor
$150.00
Pay Amount
$150.00
Service Charges1
$4.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Cancellation Fee
$40.00
Total Service Charges
$4.00
Total
$36.00
Schedule
Wed, Nov 20, 2019

Arrive at 6:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 4 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10017 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
