# Work Order 12332766

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12332766  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:07:35  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12332766
 Bundled: 1 of 14
On 10/28/2022
PC Swaps and Software Updating (1 to 5 PCs per location)
Company: TDX Tech LLC
	
Time Logged
1.79 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$63.44
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Nicholas Budz
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: TDX Tech LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (28404)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

If technician has any questions regarding the work order, contact the TDX Tech help desk at 218-216-0387. Any reference to the contact the help desk refers to the TDX Tech help desk. The technician is not to reach out to the customers help desk directly unless instructed to.

Any additional expense requests other than materials used, such as travel, must be negotiated or requested as part of a counter offer prior to tech assignment.  

Our client has contracted TDX Tech to dispatch techs to their agent locations to update their PCs to the current version of the client software.

You must bring a valid US Government issued ID to you to each site as verification that you are the tech we told them would be arriving to site.

It is not required that you speak Spanish for this work order but there is a good chance the location contact will only speak Spanish. Therefore, be sure to bring the documentation required as we have translated the authorization and refusal letters into Spanish for the agents.

In the event you are refused, then you will need to leave a copy of the English and Spanish refusal letters and take a picture of the front of the building showing the location name.

Please note that the quantities of PC swaps and updates that we have provided to you are based on the data that we have received from the client. We have found that these quantities are not always correct. Be sure to spend the first few minutes on site identifying all PCs on site that run the client software and which of the below scenarios they will fall into for the update. If you have questions as to what exactly needs to be done at the site please call back to TDX Tech and we'll help you identify.

Detailed Scope:

Prior to Arrival - Print the following documents to bring to site:

English and Spanish Authorization Letters
Print 1 of each that you can bring to each site to show in the event the agent is not sure what you are there for
English and Spanish Refusal Letter
Print 1 of each per location that you can leave with the agent in the even that you are not allowed to do perform the work needed at the location by the agent
TDX Tech / Client Work Order
Print 1 per location to have signed by the agent and yourself upon completion
This is a required deliverable you must return 1 of these for each location you complete
3100017 and 310018 PC Upgrade Instructions
Print 1 of each for instructions on how to swap the PCs

Upon arrival call 218-216-0387 to check in and out with the TDX Tech helpdesk.

We will provide you with the tracking numbers and Serial numbers for the PCs.
These are used as verification that you are three on behalf of TDX Tech.

There are 3 possible scenarios for updating PCs at these locations. The tech will be completing 1 or more of the possible scenarios at each location. The quantity and type of scenarios to complete for this location can be found in the custom fields of the work order.

Scenario 1 - Client Owned PC Swaps

In this scenario the technician will be swapping an existing pc with new WIN 10 PC. The equipment will be shipped to location, technician is required to pack legacy PC and leave on site with the agent to be returned at a later date.
Installation instructions are attached to the work order
If the scheduled technician is NOT the technician doing the install then TDX Tech must be notified prior to site arrival with the technicians name and contact phone number. If this isn't communicated properly the agent may refuse the installation and TDX will not pay for the work as we are required to provide the name of the technicians going to each location to the client ahead of time.
De-Install Legacy PC
The legacy PC in this scenario should be a thin client very similar to the one that was send and it should have a client sticker on it.
Install new PC per instructions
Client owned PCs will have the sticker with the Client Logo on the actual PC
Call client tech support for PC activiation
This process will take 20 to 40 minutes per device
Take a picture of the new PC install, powered on and after the activation has been completed
Pack Legacy PC into packaging the new PC arrived in
Take picture of legacy PC packed and ready for return
At no time should technician remove equipment from the location.

 Scenario 2 - Agent Owned PC Swaps

In this scenario, the process is similar to scenario 1 but the agent actually owns the new and old PCs.
The new PC will not have the sticker with the client logo on the PC so that is how you can tell if it's for client or agent owned.
The legacy PC in this scenario could be any type of PC, but it will not be up to the standards/specs to just get the update (Scenario 3).
Since the PC is owned by the agent you will not be shipping the PC back.
You will be replacing an existing agent owned PC.
We are not required to transfer any files from the legacy PC to the new PC
If the legacy PC has a report printer connected to it then we should attempt to install the printer on the new PC
Installation instructions are attached to the work order
If the scheduled technician is NOT the technician doing the install then TDX Tech must be notified prior to site arrival with the technicians name and contact phone number. If this isn't communicated properly the agent may refuse the installation and TDX will not pay for the work as we are required to provide the name of the technicians going to each location to the client ahead of time.
De-Install Legacy PC
Install new PC per instructions
Client owned PCs will have the sticker with the Client Logo on the actual PC
Call client tech support for PC activation
This process will take 20 to 40 minutes per device
Take a picture of the new PC install, powered on and after the activation has been completed
If there is room for the legacy PC to remain installed they can keep it in place; otherwise just give the legacy PC back to the agent as they own it.
At no time should technician remove equipment from the location.

Scenario 3 - Agent Owned PC Updates

In this scenario we will not be swapping out any PCs but only updating the client software on agent owned PCs that currently run the client POS.
Similar to Scenario 2, the agent owns the PC, but in this scenario we will not replace the PC because it meets the system requirements.
We will need to confirm the PCs meet the following system requirements:
Memory - 8GB
Processor - i5 or better
OS - Window 10
Resolution - 1280x1024
If the minimum requirements are met then tech should call the client tech support for the software update
This should take 20 to 40 minutes
Take a picture of the PC after the update has been successful

This installation CAN NOT be rescheduled. The location has a strict deadline to meet, if you can not meet the installation date DO NOT apply for this work order. 

 

Time Onsite: 1 Hour Per Device average

Compensation / Pay: An Expense Will Be Added After Completion of Installation To Cover Additional Compensation. Prior to Payment Approval.

Base - $75 fixed & $50 per additional WIN 10 PC installed or updated.  

Please keep in mind that the number of PCs listed on the WO is an estimated number and may fluctuate. Technician will only be paid for the total number of PCs that were updated and swapped on the day of install, not the number that is provided on WO. 

Any troubleshooting onsite time over 1.5 hours per device will be billed hourly @ $50/ hour. Technician MUST contact TDX to record issues, troubleshooting time and delays with details on what steps were taken during troubleshooting. The hourly rate will only be paid on a rare occasion that a technician will need more time on site for troubleshooting. Contact TDX Tech help desk with any questions.

IF store manager REFUSES to complete installation, technician will hand over refusal letter, take a picture of the front door and leave. The TDX work order will close in the amount of $75. Contact TDX to go through check out procedures.
IF the location is not ready for the installation or asks to reschedule, you will contact TDX Tech to provide update. Take a photo of the front door and if willing, have the agent sign your work order. The TDX work order will close in the amount of $75. Situations could be where:
IF agent refuses installation due to technicians name not being properly updated prior to installation the WO will be closed out for $0. As the installation will need to be rescheduled.

 

Technician must keep and provide receipts for all parking or toll expenses for payment approval.

Travel Pay: If the expense is not approved during negotiation, the travel cost will not be approved. 

Qualifications: 

-Knowledge of Windows systems (WIN updates, Java Updates, Deleting and Reloading Drivers)

-Troubleshooting Software Skills

Tools Required:

-Basic PC Tool Kit

-Digital Camera

-Reliable Vehicle

-Patch Cables

Technician is required to supply all tools and materials needed to complete the installation. If the technician does not have the skill set, tools, or materials needed, DO NOT accept the work order. If the technician arrives on site and is not prepared, they will be asked to leave site and will not be paid.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
COVID-19 Policies and Procedures for TDX Tech Field Engineers and Technician Partners
TDX Tech’s ongoing commitment to our partners means implementing new policies and procedures to protect the health and safety of the general public, all
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/26/2022 at 12:46 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/27/2022 at 2:18 PM(EDT)
On Site
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/27/2022 at 4:06 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Full install
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/28/2022 at 5:37 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
General

Scenario 1 Qty
1



Scenario 2 Qty
0



Scenario 3 Qty
0
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.79 Total hours
1.79 hours
10/27/2022 at 2:18 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
10/27/2022 at 4:05 PM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/27/2022 at 2:18 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (4)
IMG_1770.jpg(346.04 KB)
10/27/2022 at 4:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_1771.jpg(411.85 KB)
10/27/2022 at 4:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_1775.jpg(373 KB)
10/27/2022 at 4:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_1774.jpg(531.17 KB)
10/27/2022 at 4:00 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: New install
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$75.00
Pay Amount
$75.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$11.56
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$75.00
Total Service Charges
$11.56
Total
$63.44
Schedule
Thu, Oct 27, 2022

Arrive at 1:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
NEWARK, NJ 07104 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
