# Work Order 10782258

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10782258  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:54:49  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10782258
On 12/27/2021
SCHEDULED EVENT | STORE CLOSING
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
2.25 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$180.04
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
SRM Integration
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

** Masks are required while on-site , Regardless of vaccination status. Please ensure you are following these guidelines **

Scheduled ETA: 

Note: There will be a new asset tag on the outside of the new printer box located in a bag. Please affix this new asset tag to the new printer.

EQUIPMENT:

Make/Model: TASK

Serial Number: {SRM_FN.SERIAL}

 

Asset Tag & Scope of Work: Store 4971 Closing - 1 Techs needed 12/20/21 @9am

Please schedule TWO Techs: for 12/20/2021 @ 9:00am to pack-Up closing location

 

SCOPE OF WORK: Disassemble all store equipment, pack up & wrap with bubble wrap box and tape the boxes, after all equipment has been boxed, place on pallets, shrink wrap the pallets & apply shipping Bill of lading.

 

Equipment to be packed up and returned

- Nortel Phone System (Located in the back room) and Nortel Phones

- Pharmacy- Lexmark printers, Registers, Workstations, Sato&apos;s, phones, Scanners LCD and all peripherals.

- Front End Checkouts- All registers, Money order, phones

- Office- Manager LCD, TV if present, Lexmark PRN, Phone,  SC02 & FE01 Servers, RAVRU (Backroom) Access Point (Ceiling), UPS&apos;s, Zebra Devices and Cradle, All network Equipment. Cat5 Cables can be trashed. DO not touch any security equipment if present.

- Walk the basement and look for any Cisco 4331 Devices that need to be returned to Depot, send any found with the rest of the equipment.

              

DATE AND TIME: 12/20/2021 09:00am

ARE PARTS BEING ORDERED? Yes, Boxes Tape and Bubble wrap has been ordered and is on site.

ARE PARTS BEING RETURNED? Parts are being returned by Freight pick up.

EXPECTED HOURS ONSITE: One techs are required for this job, 6 Hours

WILL TECH NEED ANY SPECIAL TOOLS? Techs should have gloves, power screw gun and basic hand tools (including allen keys and wrenches)

WHO WILL BE THE TECHS POC FOR SUPPORT? Sean McCarthy (347-784-2634)

 

 

 

UPON ARRIVAL AT SITE:

Upon arrival to site, technician checks in to their work order via phone app. If phone app does not work, please call Essintial. 
Technician arrives at site, presents their HCL Rite Aid badge and their valid (not expired) gov't issued photo ID to the manager and advises what they are there for. 
Technician locates the Vendor Log and signs in. 

 

UPON COMPLETION/PRIOR TO LEAVING SITE:

Technician confirms device is functional, cleans up the area and prepares the old unit for shipment back to Essintial. 
All defective/used/unused equipment must be removed from site.  
Important for SLA Clock stoppage: Technician must call Essintial REAL TIME with all closing details and the time the device is operational. 
Important for SLA Clock stoppage: If device is not fixed completely but a temporary fix is in place, tech must still close their work order and call Essintial to report the temporary fix and have another work order opened for a revisit. 
Technician takes used/defective part to FedEx for return to Essintial using the pre-made return label. 
HCL PROVIDES ALL TECHNICAL SUPPORT - DO NOT CALL ESSINTIAL FOR SUPPORT.
ScriptPro & Photo Kiosk Parts must be ordered through HCL 
All other parts must be ordered by Essintial @ 800.326.6999 Opt 7

 

 

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:

YOUR WORK ORDER ONLY COVERS ONE VISIT TO SITE. IF CUSTOMER REQUIRES A RETURN VISIT YOU **MUST** HAVE ANOTHER WORK ORDER. TIME LOGGED FOR ADDITIONAL DAYS ONSITE WILL BE REJECTED FOR NOT FOLLOWING PROCESSES.
If you are unfamiliar with the equipment or a particular repair needed, do not tell the customer this. Call HCL Support for assistance. 
If additional parts are needed there will be another trip REQUIRED. You MUST CALL Essintial @ 800-326-6999 Opt 7 to advise. This ticket should be closed and a new work order will be opened. 
If additional pay/expenses are required - please refer to Policies & Procedures #6. 
If you have been provided with an individual login - Technical Documentation can be found here: https://essintial.auth0.com/samlp/bjTWBazQPQ1B1FRlCmlyC1K77PJIwuGa
All Essintial/Rite Aid non-technical knowledge can be found here (PB Works): https://cbeprojects-hclriteaidfieldservicesper.pbworks.com/w/home
Login: riteaidessintial@gmail.com Password: EESRAD2020!
Note: There will be a new asset tag on the outside of the new printer box located in a bag. Please affix this new asset tag to the new printer.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Required Tools:

Please review full tools list in PB Works (link above)

 

 

By accepting this work order, all parties agree to the terms as described above. Alterations to this agreement can only be made by both parties and must be placed in writing.

 

Payment Structure:

All flat rates cover 2 hours onsite. If you exceed 2 hours, with valid details as to why, time will be billed at $25/hr (unless stipulated otherwise in a conditional offer). 

All rates are inclusive of time spent dropping defective/unused parts off at any FedEx location for return to Essintial. 

View Less
Policies & Procedures
By accepting this work order you also agree to receive and respond to phone calls and SMS messages confirming your readiness to perform the work as detailed.

WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. REAL TIME
View More
Tasks
Prep
Download file HCL-Essintial Badge Template.docx
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:32 AM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/19/2021 at 5:40 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 9:17 AM(EDT)
On Site
present your HCL Rite Aid badge and your valid (not expired) gov't issued photo ID to the manager and advise what you are there for.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
Sign in in the Vendor Log - please ask the manager if you cannot find it.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
If a SSID is shipped to site it must be returned
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
Call *************** regarding Opt 2 - call Essintial REAL TIME with all closing details and the time the device is operational.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Pharmacy Office Front line and all required equipment packed and palletized.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:29 AM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for used/defective parts being returned
Upload/take photo of New asset tag label from box on newly installed printer.
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 11:30 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.25 Total hours
2.25 hours
12/20/2021 at 9:12 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
12/20/2021 at 11:28 AM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/20/2021 at 9:17 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
New asset tag label from box on newly installed printer. (1)
IMAGE-17DD8ADC25A6004413404583495633.jpg(2.56 MB)
12/20/2021 at 11:30 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: NA
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
99999999
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: Ground ship pickup 
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$210.00
Pay Amount
$210.00
Additional Charges1
$6.25
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$35.46
Taxes1
$0.75
Sum
Work Order Cost
$216.25
Total Service Charges
$35.46
Taxes
$0.75
Total
$180.04
Schedule
Mon, Dec 20, 2021

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Manhattan, NY 10016 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
