# Work Order 7278912

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/7278912  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:50:39  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Cancelled#7278912
On 10/16/2019
GAP LP Windows 10 Upgrade 2 device - Est: ( 6 ) -
Company: Spencer Technologies
	
Schedule: Arrival Window
10/17/2019 at 9:00 AM(EDT)
10/17/2019 at 9:00 AM(EDT) 
Estimated Duration: 6 hours
	
Jamaica, NY 11432 US
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jennifer Gentry
Print
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Spencer Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (178137)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Server/Storage
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Server Hardware/Software
Service Description

Escalation Path:

In the event that you are unable able to keep this appointment you must call the PM listed in this work order.

Standards:

Tech will be representing Spencer Technologies while onsite. 

Dress code Clean appearance, jeans are acceptable, shirts should be free of any logos or prints.

Printed copy of this work order

OVERVIEW OF SCOPE

Software upgrade - Windows 10 upgrade license (500-91500-KIT) will be on a USB prior that will be shipped directly to the store.

Check in/out & Contacts:

Check in/out with Spencer PM Jodi Braden @ ************


Typical job duration:

6  hour(s) dependent on skill set/experience with scope listed.

Rate Info:

Job is paid out at the hourly rate for actual time onsite or the flat rate listed for job completion.

Out of Scope work:

In the event of out of scope work Project Manager must be CALLED.

Out of Scope work will need to be approved by the Project Manager listed in the ticket

Out of Scope work for flat rated tickets will be paid at the negotiated rate with the Project manager.

If you do not receive approval prior to completion you will not be paid for your additional time onsite. 

Scope of Work:

Check in/out with Spencer PM Jodi Braden @ ************
Tech will greet the manager, ask the manager for the package that contains the USB for this upgrade. and ask permission for back office where the Loss Prevention CPU or DVR is located.
Confirm the device serial ID with Spencer PM prior to starting the upgrade. Follow the instructions in the scope of work. Upgrade should not exceed 3 hours. Contact the PM immediately for any issues or delays.


Deliverables:


After complete, email a signed copy of your MOD signed work order and a photo of the CPU screen showing upgrade success. - jbraden@spencertech.com


Materials:

None

Required Tools:

USB drive with file preloaded 

Printed instructions attached.

View Less
Standard Instructions
**Please Review, Policies Have Changed**
Any deliverables that are listed as required for work order completion must be uploaded to the field nation platform upon completion of the work onsite. Failure to upload all listed deliverables within 24 hours of exiting the job site will result in a 25% penalty to the total labor payment.

While on this work order you are a representative of Spencer Technologies. All interactions with the customer, store personnel and Project Manager must be done in a professional manner and be business related. Infractions in this area to include but not limited to arguments, use of profanity and or vulgar/offensive language will be investigated which could result in permanent suspension from our work, non-payment of work order and escalation to the Field Nation Quality Team. Any interactio
View More
Policies & Procedures
***New Policy Change- listed below for convenience**

Additional time over what has been authorized on the work order must be pre-approved and entered as an additional expense when closing out the work orders. The amount will not be paid unless approved ahead of time and
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/3/2019 at 2:34 PM(EDT)
Review SOW
On Site
Check in
Check out
Post
Enter closeout notes
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
No time has been logged on this work order.
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
A cancellation fee has been applied.
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$35.00
Rate
$35.00
Hours
6 Max
Service Charges1
$3.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
Total Service Charges
$3.00
Total
$27.00
Schedule
Thu, Oct 17, 2019

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 6 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Jamaica, NY 11432 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
