# Work Order 6199437

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6199437  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:36:43  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6199437
On 3/1/2019
Remove existing Display (Monitor) and install the new ELO touchscreens.
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
7.1 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$132.25
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Kelly Russo
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Drug Test	Must have passed a drug test
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

You will be going on site to do a Target Bundle - POS Touch Screen Upgrade.   This upgrade is scheduled for a specific time and date and cannot be changed.   Just a reminder to all techs. Target has video camaras all over their stores including the control rooms so please act in a professional manner at all times while at their store working on this project and know you are being recorded.


Attached document is to be followed step by step.   Do not deviate   Tech must check in and out with lead tech.    Once tech arrives to site and checks in with the lead, tech will be assigned registers to complete by the lead.  Tech is to note if the register is distributed or integrated.  Techs are expected to stay on site until the scope is completed.  Techs need to make sure this work order is updated and closed before you leave site.  If work order is not updated with proper check in and check out time and closed before you leave site, you will be subject to a 25% of total pay penalty.


TECHS ARE TO BE SURE TO CHECK IN AND CHECK OUT WITH Compucom lead tech.   Your check in times will be recorded by the lead tech so please take note of your check in time and check out time and make sure your check in times on this Field nation work order match with the lead tech's check in and check out times.  Please have lead tech sign your sign off to confirm hours are correct and upload to this work order. 







TOOLS REQUIRED:

Smart Phone (fully charged with voice/data/camera/Field Nation app)
 Screw driver set 

• Basic PC/Standard Toolkit screwdrivers, needle nose pliers, scissors


• Copy of FN Work Order and any Technical Documents (attached under FN Work order )
• Photo ID/Driver License


















View Less
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL.  Do not promote any
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/20/2019 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Print out to take with you all the documents attached to this work order
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/24/2019 at 5:53 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 5:54 AM(EDT)
Check in with Lead tech
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 11:46 AM(EDT)
Check out with lead tech. Make sure your hours match what the lead tech has written down for your hours.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 11:46 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I found several metal clips that should of been placed back into the register neck. they were located in a few boxes. I placed all them back into each register I worked on today. there was also two cut cables found and a missing new ELO box. Also there are audio cables not installed. I did not notice them but another tech said something this morning about audio cables. I thought he meant old audio being removed not new ones being installed. they were buried at the bottom of the box of new cables. instructions do not say new ones are mandatory, they were not installed.

none of the mistakes I found were of my doing. If Compucom has an issue it is with one tech here today and not the team.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 11:42 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 1:05 PM(EDT)
Have lead tech sign sign off sheet to verify hours on site. Upload to this work order.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 11:55 AM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
7.1 Total hours
7.1 hours
2/25/2019 at 5:54 AM(EDT)
0.07 miles from site
2/25/2019 at 1:00 PM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 5:54 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (4)
IMG_20190225_1306199.jpg(805.78 KB)
2/25/2019 at 1:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20190225_1306117.jpg(865.88 KB)
2/25/2019 at 1:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20190225_1153205.jpg(1.3 MB)
2/25/2019 at 1:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20190225_1306320.jpg(841.46 KB)
2/25/2019 at 1:07 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$149.10
Rate
$21.00
Hours
7.1 Logged / 7.1 Max
Service Charges2
$16.85
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$149.10
Total Service Charges
$16.85
Total
$132.25
Schedule
Mon, Feb 25, 2019

Arrive at 6:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 6 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Bronx, NY 10463-7016 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
