# Work Order 5645030

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5645030  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:27:48  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5645030
On 10/19/2018
HCL IT Support - Full Day
Company: Essintial
	
Time Logged
6.38 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$169.77
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Eric Johnson
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Essintial
Overall satisfaction:
 (191189)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	General Tasks
Service Description

***Messages left on Field Nation will not be answered in timely manner, please CALL with urgent matters.***
 
Required On-site time: 10/16 @ 0900am


Action Plan: 

This is a work order to provide full day IT support at Short Hills Hilton Hotel location.  Technician must contact Deyab Elashkar (Deyab.elashkar@ascensia.com) to be assigned any outstanding tasks.




Technician must carry at least 2 bootable flash drives with updated OS images, and always contact to the site SPOC before visit to the site.


Important Scope/Customer Information:

Essintial Payment Clause:

If payment negotiation occurs, please note who you spoke to. Name is required.

If payment is NOT negotiated before assignment, you are agreeing to the following:

A ticket being routed as a FLAT rate, covers up to 2 hrs of labor. If additional hours are spent, hourly rate is $25/hr.

If a return visit is required you will be paid 1/2 of the original agreed flat rate for the 1st two hours of service, then after$25/hr.

If you cannot make any required additional trips, you will be compensated 50% of the current value of the call due to accepting the "Diagnose & Repair" requirement.

If a valid tracking number is not supplied within 48 hours of call closure, Essintial has the right to close the call for no payment.

At no time, should pay rates be discussed with, or in front of, any store personnel.

By accepting this work order, all parties agree to the terms as described above. Alterations to this agreement can only be made by both parties and must be placed in writing.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
WORK ORDER TOUCH POINTS: Requirements for All Essintial Work Orders

1. UPDATES: You must always provide on-site update/deferral, and closing times of a work order in “REAL TIME”. If you do not utilize the “CHIPS” application then
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/15/2018 at 3:57 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/16/2018 at 8:38 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/16/2018 at 3:05 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
on site support for a pharmaceutical company. released at 3pm
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/16/2018 at 3:30 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
6.38 Total hours
6.38 hours
10/16/2018 at 8:37 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
10/16/2018 at 3:00 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/16/2018 at 8:38 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
IMG_20181016_1503427.jpg(876.14 KB)
10/16/2018 at 3:28 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20181016_1503344.jpg(1.01 MB)
10/16/2018 at 3:28 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 10 days 
Learn more
Labor
$191.40
Rate
$30.00
Hours
6.38 Logged / 8 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$21.63
Sum
Work Order Cost
$191.40
Total Service Charges
$21.63
Total
$169.77
Schedule
Tue, Oct 16, 2018

Arrive at 9:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 8 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Short Hills, NJ 07078 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
