# Work Order 15963923

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15963923  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:26:31  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15963923
On 10/3/2024
POS Break-fix Replacement
Special Note to Tech: Replace Receipt Printer at Reg #2. Check tracking before you go on site and remember to call the help desk before you begin any work.
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
	
Time Logged
0.68 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$45.82
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Connor Wilford
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: DataMax Service, Inc
Overall satisfaction:
 (63400)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Repair
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

***Check tracking prior to store arrival to confirm parts have been delivered***

***Before servicing equipment Contact ******* Help-desk Support - Do Not Leave A Voicemail Message***


** ******** *** ** ******* ** ************

*Print the WORK ORDER SIGNATURE PAGE and take with you to site.*
Have MOD sign off once complete.

Please Note:

IF REPLACING A CASH DRAWER or PRINTER or KEYBOARD
**Cash Drawer/Printer/Keyboards are "not hot swappable" so make sure to have the ******* Help Desk power down register before swapping the parts**

*Check in on the Platform Then Check in with ******* Help-desk.

*If you are replacing a Cash Drawer make sure the Till has been emptied by the MOD before completing the swap.

*(Do not call the help desk until you are in front of the register you are scheduled to work on)*

**The Help Desk will remotely shut down the register you are working on**

(Verify with the manager that the correct register is being serviced)

1) Make sure that the system is powered down before servicing the register base unit/printer/cash drawer or keyboard.

2) Once service is complete make sure all the cables are securely installed and power on the unit when instructed by Help Desk.

3) Please call ******* Help-desk Support to configure the terminal.

4) Test newly installed equipment with the Manager on Duty.

5) Write down the Serial Number and Asset Tag number (If applicable)of the defective unit on the work order if applicable.

6) Make sure to have site contact (MOD) sign off on the work order signature page with the FIRST and LAST name.

7) Check out with ******* Help-desk before departing from the site.
 

**IMPORTANT**
Failure to follow these next steps could delay payment.

8) Pack up the defective parts in the box that the replacement part arrived in.
Attach the UPS Return shipping label (LOCATED IN THE PACKING SLIP) and TAKE WITH YOU to drop off the package to the nearest UPS location.
(Once the package is tracking payment will be released)

**Please Note: Leaving old parts on site will only delay the approval /payment process**
If old parts are not tracking within 48 hours of job completion it may be marked as "incomplete" and sent back to you.

9) Please leave detailed closeout notes on the platform including who released you from ******* Help Desk**


View Less
Standard Instructions
You must submit your work order for completion within 24 hours of completing the scope of work and include all required deliverables. If the work order is incomplete, or the deliverables are not provided within that time, this work order may be subject to cancellation/non-payment.

Amidst the efforts to control the spread of the corona virus, we are concerned for your health as well as those of your loved ones and our customers. In an effort to promote that we ask that you all take the following steps at a minimum.
 

Practice proper Social Distancing, as directed by the CDC.  This means you must wear a proper face mask whenever proper social distancing cannot be maintained, you are working in an enclosed space with others, an
View More
Policies & Procedures
Material Reimbursement: 
Standard blue or gray cabling is reimbursed at:

up to $0.27 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for CAT5e Plenum
up to $0.33 per foot, terminated with RJ45 jacks for Cat6 Plenum
up
View More
Tasks
Prep
Please watch the following 90-second video - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1T2C9e150OVmoofp6qeS4M-2cnvaJ1Md7/view?usp=sharing
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 2:52 PM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by you on 10/1/2024 at 3:52 PM(EDT)
Print the work order signature page and take them with you to have signed by the MOD.
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 2:53 PM(EDT)
PRINT YOUR WORK ORDER SIGNATURE PAGE, as an On-Site Contact may not be comfortable signing your phone/tablet. Alternatively, if you do not have a printed WO to sign, you should turn on your GPS when checking-in and out.
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 2:53 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 3:05 PM(EDT)
Call B&amp;N Help Desk to complete check in and record the name of help desk agent.
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 3:30 PM(EDT)
Call B&amp;N Help Desk to complete check out and record the name of help desk agent.
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 3:56 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 3:45 PM(EDT)
Post
Drop off Defective or Unused parts at UPS Drop off Location SAME DAY
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 3:57 PM(EDT)
Upload file of that is the work order signature page, please be sure to collect the first and last name of the manager on duty (MOD).
View Photo
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 3:59 PM(EDT)
give at least one detailed sentence regarding the work completed in the Close Out Notes.
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 3:59 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
areived onsite and spoke with Chris the MOD. Chris located the printer. I installed and he tested printer. checked in and out .
Completed by you on 10/2/2024 at 4:01 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Untitled

Special Note to TechBe Clear and Concise!
Replace Receipt Printer at Reg #2. Check tracking before you go on site and remember to call the help desk before you begin any work.
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.68 Total hours
0.68 hours
10/2/2024 at 3:05 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
10/2/2024 at 3:45 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/2/2024 at 3:05 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
that is the work order signature page, please be sure to collect the first and last name of the manager on duty (MOD). (1)
IMG_20241002_155403332.jpg(91.79 KB)
10/2/2024 at 3:59 PM
Approved on 10/2/2024 at 4:52 PM
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
UPS
1ZA1E0259097383424
Shipping from site
Delivered Oct 6, 2024
Description: return
Added by Irnes Karaduz
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$55.00
Pay Amount
$55.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$9.03
Taxes1
$0.15
Sum
Work Order Cost
$55.00
Total Service Charges
$9.03
Taxes
$0.15
Total
$45.82
Schedule
Wed, Oct 2, 2024

Arrive at 3:30 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
S. Burlington, VT 05403 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
