# Work Order 6219493

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6219493  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:37:19  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6219493
On 3/8/2019
EinfachIT/Adidas - Onsite Support- Queens, NY
Company: Hemmersbach US
	
Time Logged
5.25 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$139.70
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Ronis Fonseca
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
13
Engagement
Overview
Company: Hemmersbach US
Overall satisfaction:
 (14758)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Scope of Work: 




Problem description:

Please change all the Switch ports of the devices provided in the Excel File. All of the devices needs to be on the Switch Ports Named old registration. After that restart all the PCs and provide us the IP addresses and the TeamViewer IDs of the 3 PCs.










Required tools and equipment:







Screwdrivers
ESD Security Mat
Pair ​of Pliers




Language(s):    




Good English language skills in reading, writing and speech as well as local language.

View Less
Tasks
Prep
Engineer must provide email address, D.O.B., and a contact phone number for onboarding
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/27/2019 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/25/2019 at 4:15 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/27/2019 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/27/2019 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Arrived on-site. The Manager had not arrived at 8am, so there was about a 20 minute wait.

My previous visit was to obtain IP addresses for the media server, and the two client pcs that run the 75" displays. I obtained IP addresses, placed them in the work order and attempted to provide enough information about the Teamviewer hosts to allow for connectivity. The Teamviewer IDs were not displaying, which indicates an issue with Teamviewer. I attempted to troubleshoot, but only performed simple tasks to obtain enough information because my work order did not give me any room to fully troubleshoot.

I provided the ability to connect over the LAN and gave the IP Addresses to complete this task using Windows credentials.

The Teamviewer hosts are blocked. They are listed as "free". At first glance they seem to be licensed. However, the licensing is not there and I ran gpupdate /force on the Server(the only one that was provided an IP address).

No licensing information was pushed from the enterprise, so that means that a re-installation to a newer version that has licensing or I need to return with the licensing information to activate the three installs.

I checked the TeamViewer logs and they are not connecting to the teamview9 server.

I also attempted to install a newer version, however, again the download was blocked by the Teamviewer server. I downloaded the .exe for TeamViewer9 host, but would need permission to reinstall.
The firewall is configured correctly to allow Teamviewer to pass, so again it leads back to the license and the fact that Teamviewer blocks free versions over domains.

Server CPU TEAMVIEWER ID 886127705
IP 10.0.246.34

Vertical Screen PC1 DS (Screen) 1080x1920 TEAMVIEWER ID 886451721
NO IP ADDRESS: RETURN REQUIRED TO PERFORM SMART HANDS WORK WITH NETWORK TEAM. IF I CHANGE TO ANOTHER PORT THEN IT RECEIVES AN IP ADDRESS. TO KEEP IT IN THE PORT REQUESTED, THEN THE NETWORK TEAM NEEDS TO PERFORM A SIMPLE TASK TO PROVIDE CONNECTIVITY.

Vertical Screen PC2 DS (Screen) 1080x1920 TEAMVIEWER ID 886635135
NO IP ADDRESS: RETURN REQUIRED TO PERFORM SMART HANDS WORK WITH NETWORK TEAM. IF I CHANGE TO ANOTHER PORT THEN IT RECEIVES AN IP ADDRESS. TO KEEP IT IN THE PORT REQUESTED, THEN THE NETWORK TEAM NEEDS TO PERFORM A SIMPLE TASK TO PROVIDE CONNECTIVITY.

The Media is playing on the two client PCs. The last time I visited, it would run for a cycle then crash. I reinstalled the mesh program again and the presentations are running now finally.

I took a picture of the front display, however, someone turned off the second display, so once you connect to the second, you should be able to verify.

The display being off is questionable. The last time I visited it on, I was able to troubleshoot the pc and verify my work by walking on the floor to check.

This visit, I initiated the media presentation on both them , walked out to check the front display and rechecked 20 minutes later to see that the HDMI cable was disconnected. I returned to the cage to verify the cable was removed when it was seated and correct before. This falls in line with my trip to the bathroom.
So I would not be surprised if the media is off again on both computers when I fixed the issue. Please have the second display turned back on by the General Manager and I will take a picture of the media on the second display.



RETRIP REQUIREMENTS
1. work with the network team to get the two client machines valid IP addresses.
2. activate the Teamviewer licenses for the three computers.
3. Verify that the second display is turned back on and the media is playing.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/28/2019 at 12:33 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
5.25 Total hours
5.25 hours
2/27/2019 at 8:00 AM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
2/27/2019 at 1:15 PM(EDT)
0.17 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 2/27/2019 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (3)
ADIDIAS2272019SIGNOFF.pdf(180.52 KB)
2/28/2019 at 12:53 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
EINFACHIT_ADIDAS.1065194_Elmhurst.xls(11.26 KB)
2/28/2019 at 12:39 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
20190227_115649.jpg(4.32 MB)
2/28/2019 at 12:39 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$157.50
Rate
$30.00
Hours
5.25 Logged / 5.25 M...
Service Charges2
$17.80
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$157.50
Total Service Charges
$17.80
Total
$139.70
Schedule
Wed, Feb 27, 2019

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Queens, NY 11373 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
