# Work Order 6317251

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/6317251  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:41:04  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
27
Paid#6317251
 Bundled: 1 of 2
On 3/29/2019
End User Workstation Set up
Company: SHI - Corp Services
	
Devices logged
1 unit
	
Pay: Paid
$88.70
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jared Carrion
	
Company Ratings 
SHI - Corp Services ID: 17884
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: SHI - Corp Services
Overall satisfaction:
 (33286)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

High Level Scope: Laptop/Desktop User set up, Docking station, peripherals and printer driver install




Technician to do the initial setup or hot swap of a customer's workstation(s). Technician will arrive on-site and perform the following: 

Unpack and inspect hardware 

Setup docking station 

Install up to 2 monitors 

Install peripherals such as keyboard and mouse 

Mapping to local printer 

Connect Ethernet 

Implement cable management solution and professionally conceal cabling to reasonable standards (Zip ties, etc.) 

Power On 

Download Color Printer drivers

Demonstrate functionality to the end user 

Complete checklist

Take pictures of completed installation

Documents:

Print off one copy of each document per user
Upload checklist as deliverable
Leave all other documents with the user as their hand-off package



Dress Code: 

*** expects employees to dress appropriately to fulfill service contacts and follow business casual attire guidelines.
Because our work environment serves customers, professional business casual attire is essential. Customers make decisions about the quality of our products and services based on their interaction with you. Consequently, business casual attire includes slacks, pants, jackets, shirts, and shoes that, while not formal, are appropriate for a business environment.
Examples of appropriate business attire include a tucked-in polo shirt with pressed khaki pants or slacks. Conservative athletic or walking shoes, and boots, are acceptable for work.
Jeans, t-shirts, shirts without collars and footwear such as flip flops, sneakers, and sandals are not appropriate for business casual attire. 
Employees are expected to demonstrate good judgment and professional taste. Use courtesy towards our clients and your professional image to customers as the factors you use to assess whether you are dressing in business attire that is appropriate.




Client Centric Mindset

Our goal is for the client to feel great about their experience when using our services. These are some things to keep in mind to provide the best service experience.

Will this make it easier or harder for our clients?
Streaming processes or eliminating unnecessary complexity
Provide timely, accurate, and simply solution to their technology issues
Remove the friction out of every interaction
Keeping promises
Use Positive Language
I would be happy to help you with that
That's a great question. Let me see what I can do to help you
You bring up a good point. I will makes your feedback is heard.
I completely understand. Perhaps there is a different way we can approach this.
Be ridiculously helpful




Deliverables

Photos of user set up
Photo of the existing workstations for the Advisors
Photo of device staging area (If applicable)
Signature of on-site contact with name




View Less
Standard Instructions
General Instructions:

1. Tech is to arrive and check-in via Field Nation App as well as Text SHI POC. 

2. Tech is to introduce themselves to end user as being there on behalf of SHI International and represent them self as a SHI contractor.

3. Every 2 hours, Tech is to update SHI POC on details of what has been accomplished. 

4. Receive signature from the client that states the problem has been resolved.

5. Before departure update SHI POC via text.

6. Tech is to leave detailed notes in FN on what was accomplished onsite. 

****Ratings are based on end client feedback, SHI will be doing phone surveys for each calls. So please if there is an escalated situation or out of scope work requested please contact your work order manager.
Policies & Procedures
Policy & Procedure for all Technicians doing work for the Buyer on this Work Order
Independent Contractor Status.

Contractor on this work order expressly acknowledges and agrees that they (the C
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/19/2019 at 5:33 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/20/2019 at 9:42 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/20/2019 at 12:12 PM(EDT)
Post
Upload file of Completed Set up checklist
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/20/2019 at 1:29 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of User workstation set up
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/20/2019 at 1:31 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
user set up and validated
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/20/2019 at 1:31 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.85 Total hours
1.85 hours  |  1 device
3/20/2019 at 9:39 AM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
3/20/2019 at 11:30 AM(EDT)
0.17 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/20/2019 at 9:42 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Completed Set up checklist (2)
IMAGE-1699C2899BD.jpg(2.66 MB)
3/20/2019 at 1:32 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: checklist p2
IMAGE-1699C25FA27.jpg(3.07 MB)
3/20/2019 at 1:29 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: checklist p1
User workstation set up (1)
IMG_20190320_1326280.jpg(3.42 MB)
3/20/2019 at 1:31 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: setup
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Ira agudo Signature
Collected on 3/20/2019 at 1:37 PM(EDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Device
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 8 days 
Learn more
Labor
$100.00
Per Device
$100.00
Number of Devices
2
Service Charges2
$11.30
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$100.00
Total Service Charges
$11.30
Total
$88.70
Schedule
Wed, Mar 20, 2019

Arrive at 9:30 AM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
ROSLYN, NY 11576 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
