# Work Order 11215603

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/11215603  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:08:40  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#11215603
On 4/12/2022
Sadie Thornton -- Syf Monthly Onsite Visit* Login/Reset PW, Trainings, Get familiar w/ the site
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
2 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$66.61
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jenny Gay
	
Company Ratings 
PIVITAL ID: 8067
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
9
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Onsite monthly visit for this work order. You’ll be there 2 hours.

New Address per Angela: Synchrony 530 5Th Ave., Suite 700. New York, NY 10036




New Update from Angela for Sadie:

"Good day. :)

Site address Sadie will go to is: 530 5Th Ave., Suite 700. New York, NY 10036

Sadie's Contact is Latimer Boller 937-204-9021

I have already granted her access to the building for when she arrives."

If you should need any help onsite, the site contactLatimer Boller 937-204-9021 will be there to help you if needed.




Scope of Work:

Here are 2 different Synchrony login websites if you need them to go in. Attached also is a helpful document provided by Angela:

sso.synchronyfinancial.com

or here's the citrix link for Synchrony also: https://ctxremote.connectsyf.com/

Bring your own laptop and Log in and change your password when you arrive.
Here is your SSO# 503014699
Check for any new trainings completed. Log onto the friends network and use Citrix. I have attached the Citrix log on instructions in the attached. Log into Work Day to complete any new necessary training.  https://wd5.myworkday.com/synchronyfinancial/learning/mylearning
While you're there check out the building, get familiar with where the MDF Rooms are.  
You'll be there for the two hour minimum.
Kindly upload a screenshot pic to the work order showing you were able to successfully login and reset/change your password.
**PLEASE KINDLY NOTE: If you need any additional assistance or have questions when your onsite, call Angela Dougherty, Phone: M: +1 (570)-760-0090 for assistance.
If you run into any issues logging in you can call the Synchrony Service Desk at 1-800-754-0385, then Option 2 and then Option 1.

Additional Scope of Work for Sadie while she's on site:

Customer: Synchrony 

Ticket Number: INC2785060

Type of Work: Hands & Eyes 

Estimated Duration: 1hour – 2hours  

Site Address: 530 5th Ave., Suite 700 New York NY 10036

Site opening hours: 8-5PM Any local Time  

Contact Person: Synchrony contact for work is Latimer Boller, 937-204-9021

CC SD L2 phone number: US toll free - 800-754-0385 or +1 312 843 5042 

Option 6 (option 6 is not verbally advertised) 

Additional Scope of Work: The Telepresence Bryant Park Office needs a HDMI Cable Connected/Hooked up for a User there. HDMI Cable is confirmed to already be on site.

Dispatch request for Dispatch Tech Sadie Thornton is already going out on Thursday 04/07/2022. Synchrony contact for work is Latimer Boller 937-204-9021

If you run into any additional issues or questions Latimer is not able to assist with, please call Angela to let her know and she will most definitely help ya Angela M: +1 (570) 760 0090 . We thank you so much Sadie!! :)




Tool Requirement: 

Synchrony Badge
 Laptop – with Charger 
Cell phone w/ Charger
Hot spot
View Less
Standard Instructions
-Deliverables are due within 6 hours of tech leaving site.
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL unless otherwise instructed in the work or
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/11/2022 at 2:29 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/7/2022 at 10:52 AM(EDT)
You'll go to this site address: Synchrony 530 5th Ave , Suite 700 New York NY 10036
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/8/2022 at 2:56 PM(EDT)
Once you arrive call your Synchrony contact Latimer Boller, 937-204-9021 to let him know you've arrived. Angela said: "I have already granted Sadie access to the building for when she arrives."
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/8/2022 at 2:56 PM(EDT)
After you complete doing your onsite visit of logging in, changing your pw, taking pic showing you successfully changed your password, etc. Then make sure you also complete the Hands and Feet dispatch- Telepresence Bryant Park Office needs HDMI Connected
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/8/2022 at 2:57 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of onsite once you complete the dispatch.
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/8/2022 at 3:01 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/7/2022 at 12:30 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
I arrived onsite and the Telepresence device was in the Manager's office. I had to wait until he was finished with a meeting, so I excused myself for 20m mins and returned to install the HDMI cable. The Director/Manager had another quick meeting. I waited until Noon and verified that the Telepresence device could be used as a display for their laptops. The cable is operational and tested out on his laptop. I changed my password, and verified that there was no additional trainings in my profile, then departed. All is well at the office.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/8/2022 at 2:59 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2 Total hours
2 hours
4/7/2022 at 10:52 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
4/7/2022 at 12:52 PM(EDT)
0.22 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/7/2022 at 10:52 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
onsite once you complete the dispatch. (1)
IMG_20220408_150012942.jpg(1.77 MB)
4/8/2022 at 3:01 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: No image captured onsite.
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$80.00
Rate
$40.00
Hours
2 Logged / 2 Max
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges3
$13.12
Taxes1
$0.27
Sum
Work Order Cost
$80.00
Total Service Charges
$13.12
Taxes
$0.27
Total
$66.61
Schedule
Thu, Apr 7, 2022

Arrive at 11:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10036 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
