# Work Order 9756575

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9756575  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:35:44  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9756575
On 5/29/2021
Sadiqa Thornton Synchrony Virtual Training **DO NOT GO TO SITE FOR THIS TRAINING.**
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
2.03 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$51.30
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jenny Gay
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Other
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

**PLEASE NOTE: This work order is for Sadiqa Thornton one of the selected primary technicians for the Synchrony site in New York, NY. ** It is for the Synchrony Virtual Training meeting our client Frank Romero w/ ComputaCenter has scheduled for all of the Synchrony technicians to join next week on Thursday, May 27, 2021, 1:30 PM- 3:15 PM EDT ** We will be emailing you the virtual training/meeting invite from the client so you can join on this date/time. The title of the meeting is called "COMPUTACENTER INTRODUCTIONS"




Scope of Work for this work order:

Join the meeting/virtual training on this date/time, make sure you have Microsoft Teams on your device your joining from. The meeting invite you receive will have a link towards the bottom of the email. It will say:

Microsoft Teams meeting 

Join on your computer or mobile app 

Click here to join the meeting 

You will click on the link showing in the email and then click "Join Now".

Make sure you join the meeting on time.
Joy and Jenny from Pivital will be attending this meeting as well. Make sure you only log the hours the training took or if you end up having to drop off earlier for some reason, make sure you only log the time you were able to attend.
There should be a lot of technicians joining this meeting and our client (ComputaCenter) will provide us a roster list of the names of who all joined.
Fyi-Synchrony is currently getting everyone their Synchrony credentials and site badges. ComputaCenter is supposed to keep us updated on this and we will let you know as soon as they have been able to provide us an update on these.







Synchrony Site Address you will cover for future dispatches: Synchrony 50 West 23rd Street, New York, NY 10010







Examples of types of requests we may receive for this site and process:

Deskside Support w/ Networking Experience assisting w/ future dispatch requests for the (Synchrony New York, NY site). There will be Field Service dispatches (NBD requests), Smart Hands and Eyes dispatch requests, Parts/ Replacements, General Break/Fix for PCs and Laptops, Networking Smart Hands with the NOC assisting and guiding the tech remotely. Some dispatch requests may be Same Day Interventions for example: (4hr SLA requests). Lastly, also being a backup technician for the site to cover if the site's onsite technician goes on vacation, some possible site holidays, or if the tech should have to be out. Site Hours of Coverage: 7:00AM - 12:00AM / 7 Days a Week







Beginning on June 3rd (the go live date) and going forward, this is how it would work. Anytime our client (ComputaCenter) sends us a dispatch request for this site, our client will require for 1 of the 3 selected primary techs be assigned to the dispatch. We would route the work order over to you and the other 2 primary techs and then reach out to each of you to see if one of you are available to do the dispatch at this time.




Required Tools/Materials: Here is a basic tools/materials list to go by for each dispatch, unless the request advises to bring something additional with you. It will depend on the request.

Bring your site Badge
Console Cable 
Cat 5 Cables
Standard Tool Kit 
 Hot Spot 
Cell Phone - with Charger 
Black Ink Pens - for Documentation 
Laptop – with Charger 




*The laptop must either – support a DB9 serial cable and/or have the associated serial adapter & drivers installed. 

View Less
Standard Instructions
-Tech must contact Pivital to check in and check out real-time. Failure to do so will result in Non payment

-Deliverables are due within 6 hours of tech marking offsite.
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL unless otherwise instructed in the work or
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/27/2021 at 10:52 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/27/2021 at 1:17 PM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/28/2021 at 6:17 AM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Attended
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/28/2021 at 6:17 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
2.03 Total hours
2.03 hours
5/27/2021 at 1:17 PM(EDT)
212.07 miles from site
5/27/2021 at 3:19 PM(EDT)
212.07 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/27/2021 at 1:17 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$60.90
Rate
$30.00
Hours
2.03 Logged / 2.03 M...
Service Charges2
$9.38
Taxes1
$0.22
Sum
Work Order Cost
$60.90
Total Service Charges
$9.38
Taxes
$0.22
Total
$51.30
Schedule
Thu, May 27, 2021

Arrive at 1:30 PM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10010 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
