# Work Order 10903975

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10903975  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:57:09  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10903975
On 3/24/2022
Hilton ONQ - Overnight Refresh - Overall Server Lead (HPNNU/5)
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
15.26 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$431.30
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Brandon Banda
	
Company Ratings 
SmartSource Inc. ID: 13417
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Server/Storage
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation - Software
Installation
Removal
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Server Hardware/Software
Service Description

SERVICE REQUEST:

**Provider assigned to the work order, MUST be the provider who is completing the work order-- NO EXCEPTIONS! A background check is required to be completed by the provider- at no cost to provider, a link will be sent to the provider to log in and complete this background check.**Drug Screening is required** If provider does not have current year results of these in their FN profile, links sent electronically for provider to log in and complete will be sent*

We are in need of a Sr. Technician who has a background deploying servers and workstations. This assignment can take 14-18 hours so anyone who is interested must be able to not only work overnight but also be able to be onsite until the job is done. If a person leaves the job without completion they will not be compensated. All deliverables must be sent to client directly to review PRIOR to checking out, once they review the deliverables and give you the call back to check out you are to remain on site. A lead needs to be able to lead their team to victory working with the staff on site, and our client along with the other technicians giving them guidance and ensuring all work is completed. If you leave a site before completion of all tasks, and do not send all required deliverables to the client for review & getting the ok from them to leave before stepping off site- the WO will not be approved for payment. 

** SERVER LEAD IS IN CHARGE OF THE ENTIRE SITE **

** SERVER LEADS, PLEASE BRING A 4 OR 8 PORT SWITCH/HUB WITH YOU ON SITE IN CASE THE MERAKI ISN'T CONFIGURED**

***Server Leads are responsible for uploading deliverables in client's FIELDPOWER app before leaving site.***

** WORKSTATION LEAD IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OVERSEEING THE WORKSTATIONS**

All technicians working on the Hilton OnQ project must have the client's FieldPower app on their phones. You will need to check in and out of the FieldPower app. Client will not acknowledge your arrival or check out any other way.

A technical screening is required by buyers client, all paperwork for WO will be sent via email to assigned provider and will not be in the work order. Deliverables/pictures are required before being checked out of site.

GENERAL SCOPE OF WORK:

You will be the go to person
You will be the Lead which is defined as a hands on role. You have no authority to remove any other Consultant provided for any reason without the consent of the customer
Pre Refresh Document/walk thru with GM expectations- get signature
Inventory new computers – capture serial number, picture and form
Replace Server, UBS Battery, desktop computer, Printer, Monitor, keyboard, mouse, and any associated cables
Complete office style cable management
Capture serial number of old machine, serial number of new machine,
Inventory form (emailed or faxed to Command Center)
Set up New Workstations, Remove Old Work Stations (add softwares) join to domain
Set up new printers join to network- test pages
Remove old printers
Wipe old workstations
test/interface test
walk thru with GM on site (checklist & signatures with milestones documented- SVF
Clean up and assure that all old equipment is neatly packed and ready to be shipped.
Old and New Inventory Lists '''...'" Faxed before leaving site
Inventory Verification Signature '''...'" Faxed before leaving site
605 Printer Serial and IP Address Record Sheet '''...'" Faxed before leaving site
Hotel'''...Owned Switch Serial Record Sheet (if applicable) '''...'" Faxed before leaving site
SVF Pages 3'''...9 '''...'" Faxed before leaving site
Folios from all of the front desk workstations '''...'" Faxed before leaving site
Windows Test pages from the rest of the workstations '''...'" Faxed before leaving site
Photo of Server Imaging CD Disks 
After Photo of Server Room
After Photo of Switch/s 
After Photo of Both Server Power Cords 
After Photo of RMA Label (close'''...up)
After Photo of Boxed Old Equipment
Welcome Sheet- Checklist Customer expectations & sign off.

**SERVER LEAD MUST UPLOAD ALL DELIVERABLES INTO THE FIELDPOWER APP BEFORE LEAVING SITE. FAILURE TO DO SO WILL MARK THE SITE VISIT INCOMPLETE AND PAYMENT TO THE ENTIRE TEAM WILL NOT BE APPROVED.**

SKILLSET

A+, Net+, or MCTS or equivalent classroom training and 3 years related industry experience or minimum of 3-5 years minimum related industry experience
Ability to comprehend industry standard network connectivity, navigation, and software installation
For Server Leads, they must have a background deploying and installing new servers
For Workstation Leads, they must have a background installing and deploying new workstations, printers, fax machines, etc.
Lead background Is Highly preferred or 3-5 years minimum experience working on deployment type roles on an enterprise level
Must be able to lift a minimum of 50 lbs. without any restrictions
Excellent customer service skills to interact with site Management as well as Leadership and patience
Windows 7/10 knowledge helpful
Must be very flexible hours and have no restrictions when it comes to time onsite
View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.)

(Point #1) 24 Hour Reconfirmation: You are required to reconfirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please proactively call into your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is a must!
(Point #2) Same Day Reconfirmation: SmartSource will be sending an automated text approxim
View More
Policies & Procedures
***COVID-19 UPDATE***
In an effort to ensure the health and well-being of technicians and clients alike during the COVID-19 pandemic, SmartSource, Inc. would ask that any technician that is showing any Cold or Flu like sympt
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/3/2022 at 2:04 PM(EDT)
If you are new to Insight or the Hilton OnQ project, you must download Insight's FieldPower app and register. This is mandatory and non-negotiable. Instructions are available in the Client Documents section of this work order.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/17/2022 at 6:54 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/15/2022 at 8:05 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check-in on Insight's FieldPower app (Instructions are available in the Documents section of this work order)
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/15/2022 at 8:05 PM(EDT)
Upload all deliverables to Insight's FieldPower app
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/17/2022 at 6:54 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/16/2022 at 11:20 AM(EDT)
Check out of Insight's FieldPower app
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/17/2022 at 6:51 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Site complete. The asst tech was not experienced enough to complete his role. He took 4 hours to unbox 7 monitors and 5 pcs. No run book and did not keep up with his milestones and responsibilities.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/17/2022 at 6:53 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
15.26 Total hours
15.26 hours
3/15/2022 at 8:04 PM(EDT)
0.07 miles from site
3/16/2022 at 11:20 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/15/2022 at 8:05 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$499.95
Rate
$33.00
Hours
15.26 Logged / 15.15...

The request for pay change was accepted.

Additional Charges1
$18.00
Service Charges3
$84.95
Taxes1
$1.70
Sum
Work Order Cost
$517.95
Total Service Charges
$84.95
Taxes
$1.70
Total
$431.30
Schedule
Tue, Mar 15, 2022

Arrive at 7:45 PM (EDT)

Estimated 10 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Nanuet, NY 10954 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
