# Work Order 734398

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/734398  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 19:56:20  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Cancelled#734398
On 1/3/2014
Pack PC equipment
Company: Alamon
	
Schedule: Arrival Window
1/4/2014 at 8:00 AM(EDT)
1/4/2014 at 8:00 AM(EDT) 
Estimated Duration: 1 hour
	
Marlton, NJ 08053 US
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Brandon Diaz
Print
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
9
Engagement
Overview
Company: Alamon
Overall satisfaction:
 (10124)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Telecom / VOIP
Service Description
We're in need of a technician to pack up PC equipment for 5 work stations and set up equipment for 6 additional work stations in Marlton.  When work is complete at this site the tech will assist with similar duties at an additional site in Vorhees as needed.  We will also need the tech to return to the Marlton site on Monday morning at 8am for 2 hours to be on hand in case there are any issues with the 6 work stations that were set up.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
*** MUST READ BEFORE ACCEPTING WORK ORDER ***

Terms and Conditions:
 
In addition to the terms and conditions you agreed to upon signing up with Field Nation, by accepting this work order, you also acknowle
View More
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
General

Acknowledgement of company policies and procedures*
Time Log
No time has been logged on this work order.
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
This work order's cancellation fee has been disputed. Please allow Field Nation time to review this request.
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$30.00
Rate
$30.00
Hours
6 Max
Service Charges1
$3.00
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Cancellation Fee
$30.00
Total Service Charges
$3.00
Total
$25.83
Schedule
Sat, Jan 4, 2014

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Marlton, NJ 08053 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
