# Work Order 12523616

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/12523616  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:09:44  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#12523616
On 12/16/2022
Target Gift Registry Device Refreshes
Company: Zones LLC
	
Time Logged
1.75 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$126.39
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Christian Nolan
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: Zones LLC
5 Enterprise Ave
Clifton Park, NY 12065
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (26593)
Title: Target Gift Registry Device Refreshes
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Installation - Software
Other
Troubleshooting
Removal
Restore
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Certification	A+
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description




Target Store Gift Registry Kiosk Device Refresh Installations

Please be familiar with the following information for these device installations:

Service Fee is fixed and non-negotiable.  Miscellaneous expenses will not be approved and are considered to be included in the service fees published for this work order.

Overview:

We are looking for technicians to perform a physical installation at sites for Target retail stores.  You will be asked to remove old devices, clean the area thoroughly, and install new devices into existing Gift Registry Kiosks.

The device equipment are pre-configured and integrated for the specific location.

Please represent Zones nfrastructure installation services and provide a level of 5-Star services and you are expected to conduct yourself professionally, adhering to any Target store related requirements the Property Manager Leads or Guest Services Leads onsite request of you.

Resource requirements: 

Dress Code: Business Casual

Badging:  Be prepared to present evidence of work order (via mobile device) and an ID if requested

Deliverable: Complete the installation and testing of devices and upload images to the FN work order

Special Instructions:

Approved Hours:  Installation allowed Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM and from1:00 PM to 4:00 PM

Perform the following:

Request the store property manager lead at the guest services counter and notify the Zones Deployment team at Target.DS@Zones.com on the Work Order informing them that you have arrived onsite
Identify yourself as a technician onsite here to replace the gift registry devices
Property Manager Leads should have had prior notification of the installation date and are expected to facilitate getting the devices from the electronics cage and the keys to unlock existing kiosk devices
Request the devices and the kiosk key
The devices were pre-shipped and are most likely secured in the electronics cage

Inspect device boxes for any shipping damage and take pictures as needed

Unbox devices and inspect for any damage and take pictures as needed

Take pictures of the existing kiosks

Follow the installation guide provided, verify with Zones deployment support specialist that tests outlined in the installation guide have passed

Old devices need to be boxed with the provided return label and brought to the store’s shipping and receiving area

Technician installs the devices using the provided installation guide, below are the key points:

Inventory and inspect the devices for damage or defects
Take before pictures (Optional)
Open the kiosk with the gray key
Key is located in store’s lock box in the office area.
Keys are universal to the ipad stands and get returned with the ipads.  Since they are universal, the Target team recommends that the techs hold onto the first key in case it takes a bit for the store to find their’s if they are doing multiple sites and put it in the last box they send in.
Move the printer
Remove power adapter
Take off wingnut
Unscrew iPad from the stand
Remove the white shroud
White Shroud under iPads must be removed.  Some are glued down and may need to remove adhesive with a putty knife and clean thoroughly.
Clean the surface area
Apply double stick tape
Route the power cord though metal plate and into kiosk
Mount the device to the tape
Power on
Join wi/fi
Test the Gift Registry Application per installation guide instructions
Test print
Notify Deployment Support

Reply all on email to Target.DS@Zones.com reporting that:

Devices have been replaced and are online, no issues noted.

Or/

Devices replaced, but I am having an issue with… I will wait a moment for you to call me to discuss and try to resolve this issue.  Again my mobile number is:  555-555-5555

Zones Deployment Support team member will initiate an Automation Test from Smartsheet

Deployment Support team member will use Smartsheet and check the box in the Automation Test column and click the save button.  This will initiate a test in the background that will generate a pass or fail value in the column adjacent to the automation test.

https://app.smartsheet.com/dashboards/69R9RJJq6pfXh6M6JhfVr6hvqp4pgQjVq9V3P8w1

Follow the quick link on the right-hand side to enter theProject Scope Sheet

Search the scope list for the store number and initiate a automation test

Use SLACK app to create an issue if there is one.

Once Confirmed PASS and the technician can begin close out process.

Close Out

The Technician will:

Clean up the work area and remove fingerprints from testing
Take pictures of completed installation
Only one picture required, showing both devices (most stores) with a piece of paper with the T-store # in-between.
Verify Gift Registry Kiosk is secure
Return the kiosk key
Box the old iPad devices into the box that the ELO devices shipped in using the return label provided in the box and bring those devices to the Shipping / Receiving dept. or bring to a FedEx drop off site
Tech is requested to use the return label provided to ship the iPads back from a Fedex drop off location.  If there is not a return label included for any reason, leave the iPads in the boxes at the store.
Before leaving the site, attach pictures of the installation to the FN WO

Check Out of FN WorkOrder

If there are issues accessing the customer site or for all other questions, comments, or concerns please send a message in the work order, email Target.DS@Zones.com







View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/12/2022 at 8:05 AM(EDT)
On Site
Upload/take photo of Screen showing store location and registry screen
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/16/2022 at 5:36 AM(EDT)
Collect signature from Property Manager
View Signature
Completed by you on 12/16/2022 at 5:37 AM(EDT)
Check in
Completed by you on 12/13/2022 at 3:25 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Printed Registry
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/16/2022 at 5:37 AM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of The serial numbers on the back of each device.
View Photo
Completed by you on 12/16/2022 at 5:37 AM(EDT)
Post
Check out
Completed by you on 12/13/2022 at 5:10 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
Employees refused to bring devices. I had more than enough time to install. They created false narrative that I was not skilled enough to install devices by 4pm.
Completed by you on 12/16/2022 at 5:39 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.75 Total hours
1.75 hours
12/13/2022 at 3:25 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
12/13/2022 at 5:10 PM(EDT)
0.05 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/13/2022 at 3:25 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Printed Registry (1)
1671187042969.jpg(66.68 KB)
12/16/2022 at 5:37 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Screen showing store location and registry screen (1)
1671187002643.jpg(69.51 KB)
12/16/2022 at 5:36 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
The serial numbers on the back of each device. (1)
1671187055173.jpg(40.41 KB)
12/16/2022 at 5:37 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Signatures
Na Signature
Collected on 12/16/2022 at 5:37 AM(EDT)
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$150.00
Pay Amount
$150.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
2.5
Service Charges2
$23.10
Taxes1
$0.51
Sum
Work Order Cost
$150.00
Total Service Charges
$23.10
Taxes
$0.51
Total
$126.39
Schedule
Tue, Dec 13, 2022

Arrive at 2:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 2.5 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
College Point, NY 11356-2446 US
Commercial
Notes:Gift Registry Device Refreshes
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
