# Work Order 9032791

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/9032791  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:16:26  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#9032791
On 12/18/2020
Install and Training
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
	
Time Logged
0.94 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$57.52
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Tonya Lightfoot
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
1
Engagement
Overview
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Overall satisfaction:
 (189687)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Smartphone
Equipment	surgical gloves
Equipment	Laptop
Equipment	face mask
Type of work	Telecom / VOIP
Service Description










Install a Blue captioning telephone (Basic phone install) in the home of a customer with hearing loss. This job should take approximately 1 hour




Details:

Pre Scheduled: Appointment has been pre-scheduled with the end user so provider only needs to arrive at scheduled appointment to complete install. Providers are not accountable for end user no shows (provided checkin is completed while onsite and issue is reported to our Support staff by calling 888.317.2703 prior to departing the work site). 




Install: Installation will take place in the home of our end user with hearing loss. Job should take approximately 1 hour. Once onsite follow the included installation checklist for step by step instructions





Training: Show the end user how to use basic phone functions such as setting up and using the answering machine




Welcome Call: Complete a call from the newly installed phone to our Support staff to give the end user a chance to meet us, answer any questions, and register additional users if needed.































View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/3/2020 at 3:28 PM(EDT)
Review ClearCaptions FCC Compliance Training (PowerPoint attached)
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Print and review the "Blue Installation Checklist" and "Voicemail Access Guide" attached to the work order
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Appointment confirmation call to end user to confirm arrival and phone delivery. If no answer, leave message stating you are confirming ClearCaptions phone install. Appointments have been pre scheduled with the end user so proceed as scheduled.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer login credentials, User Name &amp; User Password- Is located under Buyer Customer Fields listed as "User Name" and "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order. If unable to locate call 888.317.2703
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
IMPORTANT: Mark task complete confirming you understand NOT to select ClearCaptions VOICE option during registration process while on site completing the install
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Confirm intended user of caption phone will be present for appointment. If not contact us immediately at 888.317.2703.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 1:59 PM(EDT)
Locate the printed "Installation Checklist". Follow guide step by step to successfully complete the install
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 1:59 PM(EDT)
Check and confirm new caption phone, other home telephones, extension phones, and/or internet connected devices physically plugged into the modem or router. If a device is not operational call to 866.868.8695 option 1 prior to leaving site.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 1:59 PM(EDT)
Confirm each step listed in the printed "Blue Installation Checklist" was followed and completed
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer Consent and MRF forms have been submitted through eSign Live. Link is located in the Blue Installation Checklist and also attached to the work order "eSign Link and Instructions"
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
If the installation has failed for any reason and the device is to be returned to ClearCaptions use the included pre-paid mailing label in the box. Update Return Tracking field with tracking number on the label. If a return is not needed enter "NA"
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 2:00 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Tracking (if applicable)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
Installed and completed training twice. I had virginia watch all of the videos
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 2:01 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.94 Total hours
0.94 hours
12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
12/11/2020 at 1:55 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 12/11/2020 at 12:58 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
1Z999999999999
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: Na
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Blended
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$65.00
Rate
$65.00
First Hour
1
Then pay Additional Hours
Rate
$25.00
Additional Hour
1 Max
Service Charges2
$7.48
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$65.00
Total Service Charges
$7.48
Total
$57.52
Schedule
Fri, Dec 11, 2020

Arrive at 1:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
BROOKLYN, NY 11207 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
