# Work Order 15924462

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15924462  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:26:04  
**Processor:** Missing 52 Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15924462
On 10/6/2024
Internet Caption Phone (PSTN) Installation and Training
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
	
Time Logged
0.74 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$70.82
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Chris Morris
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Overall satisfaction:
 (189687)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	tablet or smart phone
Equipment	face mask
Equipment	Extension Cord
Equipment	surgical gloves
Equipment	Shoe Covers
Equipment	RJ11 Splitter Adapter
Background Check	Must have passed a background check in the last 24 months
Service Description

*** PLEASE REVIEW THE WORK ORDER IN FULL AS REQUIREMENTS AND PROTOCOL CAN CHANGE ***




SCHEDULING & ARRIVAL:

ClearCaptions operates on a Hard Start schedule to ensure the best possible service experience for our end customers and afford techs (you) the ability to take on and promptly move onto other jobs post installation completion.
Technicians are expected to contact customers ≥24hrs in advance of the scheduled install appointment as a courtesy confirmation call.
If you arrive “late”: Your arrival time will not be adjusted and when past Field Nation’s 15-minute grace period will impact your timeliness rating. We will not take calls requesting arrival time overrides, so please plan accordingly.
We do not permit Rescheduling or Cancellations, but if/when it’s required: Technician must contact ClearCaptions’ to request at least 48 hrs. in advance of the work order Schedule (date and time) via our Support team at ************ 
Detailed information regarding contacting customers and Clear Captions’ scheduling protocol can be found within Documents under “Customer Contact and Installation Scheduling Policy”.

 

WORK OVERVIEW:

This is a residential installation of a ClearCaptions captioning telephone (basic phone install) with a customer experiencing hearing loss. This job should take approximately 1-2 hours.
Customer, the registered user, must be present for entirety of Install (the Location Contact listed in the Work Order). If customer is not home and not reachable, or to confirm if an approved Power-of-Attorney is on site call ************
The phone kit will already be on site. The kit does NOT include required tools listed.




REQUIRED TOOLS:

Line Splitter
Couplers (RJ-11 Female to Female Extension Cord Coupler recommended)
RJ-11 and CAT6 RJ-45 Cables (10'-12' recommended)
Extension Cord (tight space model recommended)
DSL Filter 

For tips on sourcing:

Wholesale options here: https://rb.gy/wau7v6
Short length extension option here: https://rb.gy/ktkwri
Tight space extension option here: https://rb.gy/wf2di1

 

EXPECTATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:

Providers who have not completed our annual CTP Compliance Training please click the following link to complete: https://rb.gy/tfh2hz.
Check-in/Check-out must be completed while onsite. And leaving site if cannot complete install requires ClearCaptions' approval.
No agent other than the assigned provider is permitted to be onsite or complete installation even if agent is part of a service company.
ClearCaptions or ClearCaptions contractors are prohibited from mounting the caption phone and/or creating any structural changes to a work site. This is including but not limited to drilling holes and running cable.  

 

DRESS CODE: Our requirement is that providers show up clean and presentable wearing business casual attire. Slacks or jeans (no holes/patches), closed-toed shoes, and a polo shirt; NO hats during installation.




PAYMENTS:

To be paid in full, Providers must: complete all required job elements in entirety, including but not limited to processing customer identity verification through DMS portal, customer consent collection, “Welcome Call” execution and posting, no reported problems, and caption phone is paired and fully operating while on site.
All travel must be submitted in a counteroffer and be pre-approved prior to assignment. We do not honor travel pay submitted after Work Order acceptance and/or completion. Tools/cables used must have an uploaded receipt for pay out.
At no point are technicians permitted to request payment from customers.
Use of "Discounts" feature to adjust pay is prohibited.  Please document any issues under “Report a Problem” from the Work Order for proper review and adjustments.
Detailed information regarding ClearCaptions’ payment structure can be found within Documents under "Work Order Payment Policy".

 

 PRE-INSTALL CALLOUTS:

Review three short tools that will help make this installation successful, all located in the Work Order Documents (required): 
“Compliance and CPNI Training” guide 
“Phone Installation” video 
“Building Customer Relationships” video 
Download and reference "Installation Checklist" in Documents for step-by-step instruction.
A full flip through "Phone Guide" for training the customer can be accessed here: https://rb.gy/ifegij.
End customer's Username and Password are located under Buyer Custom Fields in the Work Order. If this information is not viewable ensure you are correctly checked in onsite and call ************.
Recording and/or retaining customer login credentials after the installation is strictly prohibited.

 

TROUBLESHOOTING:

Call ClearCaptions at ************ for issues preventing the installation and/or for VoIP conversion if applicable.
View Less
Policies & Procedures
Customer Privacy Agreement:
Reference is hereby made to the Standard Work Order Terms and Conditions of Field Nation, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, last modified December 11, 2020 (as may be amended or revised from time to time, the “Work Order Terms
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 9/27/2024 at 12:23 PM(EDT)
Acknowledge Installation Courtesy Call: I confirm I made a courtesy call to the customer ≥24hrs in advance of the scheduled installation, reminding them of the appointment and my arrival.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:18 AM(EDT)
Review the entire work order and all documents for updates.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:18 AM(EDT)
Acknowledge Payment Policy: I certify that I have reviewed, understand and accept the payment terms as outlined in work order detail and "Work Order Payment Policy".
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:19 AM(EDT)
Acknowledge Scheduling Policy: I certify that I have reviewed, understand and accept the reschedule/cancellation terms as outlined in work order detail and "Work Order Scheduling Policy".
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Acknowledge Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement: I certify that I have reviewed, understand and accept the "Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement".
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Acknowledge CPNI and Compliance Training: I certify that I have reviewed and understand the FCC required "CPNI and Compliance Training", under penalty of perjury.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Watch installation tutorial video attached to the work order. "ClearCaptions - Landline Phone Install Video".
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Print and review the "Install Checklist" and "Voicemail Access Guide" attached to the work order.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Print the Printable Badge &amp; Authorization contained in the work order. Use as identification when arriving onsite.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Confirm you have an Rj11 Splitter Adapter on hand as this will not be onsite and may be required to complete installation.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:12 AM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Confirm intended user of caption phone will be present for appointment. If not contact Work Order Support immediately at 888-317-2703.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Confirm customer has active landline service. *If customer does not have active landline service or active jack in preferred location you MUST call Technical Support at 866-868-8695 for instruction before proceeding with installation.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Confirm you are using correct customer login credentials (Username and Password), from the Work Order. If unable to locate or verify call Work Order Support at 888-317-2703.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
By completing this task I confirm the caption phone was installed as PSTN or conversion to Voip installation was approved by ClearCaptions. *Voip conversion without authorization or misrepresenting services onsite is strictly prohibited.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:27 AM(EDT)
Check and confirm new caption phone, other home telephones, extension phones, and/or internet connected devices physically plugged into the modem or router. If a device is not operational call Technical Support at 866-868-8695 prior to leaving site.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:28 AM(EDT)
Complete the required Welcome Call with customer by calling 866-992-0089. If the Welcome Call is not completed correctly and in full the work order is subject to non-payment.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:28 AM(EDT)
By completing this task, I confirm I did not make “test calls” to customer’s caption phone nor did customer place “test calls” to my phone line(s) from the caption phone during/after the install appointment (a test number is provided in Install Checklist)
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 10:28 AM(EDT)
Confirm each step listed in the printed "Installation Checklist" was followed and completed, including all training steps with the customer.
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 11:10 AM(EDT)
If the installation has failed for any reason and the device is to be returned to ClearCaptions use the included pre-paid mailing label in the box. Update Return Tracking field with tracking number on the label. If a return is not needed enter "NA".
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 11:11 AM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Tracking (if applicable)
Check out
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 11:02 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
install successful
Completed by you on 10/4/2024 at 11:11 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0.74 Total hours
0.73 hours
10/4/2024 at 10:18 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
10/4/2024 at 11:02 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/4/2024 at 10:18 AM(EDT)
0.01 hours
10/4/2024 at 10:12 AM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
10/4/2024 at 10:12 AM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/4/2024 at 10:12 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
99999999
Shipping from site
New - Status pending
Description: Na
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$85.00
Pay Amount
$85.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1
Service Charges3
$13.95
Taxes1
$0.23
Sum
Work Order Cost
$85.00
Total Service Charges
$13.95
Taxes
$0.23
Total
$70.82
Schedule
Fri, Oct 4, 2024

Arrive at 10:00 AM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
SOUTH BURLINGTON, VT 05403 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Missing 52 Work Order Processor*
