# Work Order 334891

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/334891  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 15:55:27  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
25
Paid#334891
On 10/2/2012
Back up data, install XP, install Software
Company: NextDay Techs.
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$159.03
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Dean Stathos
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
6
Engagement
Overview
Company: NextDay Techs.
Overall satisfaction:
 (380)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Hardware Repair/Installing
Service Description
Customer wants to back up data files, install XP pro and software and restore data on 5 DELL PC's.

Please start with 1-2 PC and then estimate the amount of hrs will take to complete the rest of the PCs. Imaging the PCs if are the same model # would be faster.


Pay will be $100 for the first 2 hrs and then $20 for each half hour

Please call me with the estimated hours to complete the job so I can increase the spending limit



View Less
Tasks
There are no tasks yet.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
9/28/2012 at 12:05 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (2)
kognito wo p2.jpeg(193.97 KB)
9/28/2012 at 7:24 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
kognito wo p1.jpeg(442.02 KB)
9/28/2012 at 7:24 PM
Approved on (invalid date)
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 2 days 
Learn more
Labor
$176.70
Pay Amount
$176.70

The request for pay change was accepted.

Service Charges1
$17.67
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$176.70
Total Service Charges
$17.67
Total
$159.03
Schedule
Fri, Sep 28, 2012

Arrive at 11:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Cannot Find Location
Verify the provided address is correct.
Work order site
New York, NY 10001 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
