# Work Order 4568152

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/4568152  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:08:19  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#4568152
On 3/16/2018
Win 10 may have virus / malware issues
Company: Techs In A Sec
	
Time Logged
1.23 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$32.73
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Luis Bergara
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
3
Engagement
Overview
Company: Techs In A Sec
244 5th Ave
Suite 200
New York, NY 10001
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (5338)
Title: Win 10 may have virus / malware issues
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

READ EVERYTHING: !!!

EU has a computer running Win 10 and its running slow. EU also has some basic task she needs help in (such as: Iphone and instagram).  If it is a virus / malware issue Please use the following guidelines for virus/malware issues: Tech is to make sure that EU has been running an antivirus program(and if on Win XP has SP3 on and enough memory on it to run SP3 and a AV software) and is current or within reasonably current, Tech will then be able to proceed with virus removal. If client is not using any antivirus then tech is to give EU an option which is his choice alone to make 1. Tell him total reinstallation is the best way to make sure all threats are removed or 2. Tech will proceed with removal but we can not guarantee that the virus will not come back because of his current antivirus program situation. Tech is to be very clear on these 2 points so that there is no confusion on the EU part as to the action taken. If a total reinstallation is to take place make sure that EU has his disk for computer and if he doesnt you are instructed only to reinstall based on the product key sticker on the computer. Tech is to also carry with him a usb portable hard drive and a PE disk to be used if a backup is necessary and it is to be explained to EU that backups are part of total time being billed.



View Less
Policies & Procedures
#######################################################
READ EVERYTHING!! IT IS CRITICAL TO YOUR PAYMENT!!

You MUST get the Work Order signed with times and also leave EU a copy.

DO NOT TAKE THIS JOB UNLESS YOU ARE CONFIDENT YOU CAN RESOLVE THE ISSUES!!
######
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/25/2018 at 3:56 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/26/2018 at 2:02 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/26/2018 at 3:16 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
no virus. power supply was chewed on by her dog. laptop was affected by damaged cord. I gave tutorial an how to upload pictures to email. installed Instagram, helped her follow selected individuals. Aligned her print heads on printer and helped her order a new power supply.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/27/2018 at 10:27 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Signed WO with times on it.
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/28/2018 at 3:48 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.23 Total hours
1.23 hours
1/26/2018 at 2:02 PM(EDT)
0.04 miles from site
1/26/2018 at 3:16 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 1/26/2018 at 2:02 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Signed WO with times on it. (2)
20180128_121950.jpg(1.44 MB)
1/28/2018 at 3:48 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
20180128_121932.jpg(1.71 MB)
1/28/2018 at 3:48 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$36.90
Rate
$30.00
Hours
1.23 Logged / 3 Max
Service Charges2
$4.17
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$36.90
Total Service Charges
$4.17
Total
$32.73
Schedule
Fri, Jan 26, 2018

Arrive at 2:00 PM (EST)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10065 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
