# Work Order 7301854

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/7301854  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:50:57  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#7301854
On 11/1/2019
missing hand scanner
Company: PIVITAL
	
Time Logged
1.7 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$66.37
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jennifer Dickison
	
Company Ratings 
PIVITAL ID: 8067
PROBLEMS RESOLVED: 1
Print
Report Problem
Modify Rating
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: PIVITAL
Overall satisfaction:
 (120573)
Work Experience
Type of work:
General Tasks
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Background Check	Must have passed a background check
Drug Test	Must have passed a drug test
Type of work	Other
Service Description

SOW







ONSITE TIME SHOULD NOT BE MORE THAN 1-2 hours unless extreme issues occur... If onsite more than 2 hours will need EXTREMELY detailed notes as to why.  IF for any reason it does run over you will be paid at 20/hr for each additional hour and this is not able to be changed.










MUST HAVE CLOSE OUT NOTES INPUT WHILE ONSITE

​"Do Not Post Any Customer Photos On Social Media"




"Please make sure that closing notes are detailed, professional and customer friendly"




If Provider does not submit deliverables while onsite per the SOW, a 25% penalty will be applied to the labor payout of this work order.

YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PARTS RETURN (NO PAYMENT UNTIL TRACKING) IF MOD DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO TAKE MUST HAVE MOD NAME AND SIGNATURE ON SIGN-OFF WITH DETAILS IN THE NOTES

IF THERE ARE MULTIPLE PARTS TO BE RETURNED, THEY HAVE TO BE IN SEPARATE BOXES WITH SEPARATE TRACKING NUMBERS. THEY CANNOT BE IN THE SAME BOX WITH SAME TRACKING NUMBER

Introduce yourself as a member of the CompuCom Team with all customer contacts.

Tech must include the following in closing notes to be approved for payment:










MUST HAVE CLOSE OUT NOTES INPUT WHILE ONSITE




This is required on every case we touch: IF NOT LISTED VIA CLOSE OUT NOTES OR MESSAGES I WILL KICK BACK

1.    What was done to the unit

2.    Anything that attributed to the equipment failure or delay in service (water damage, physical damage, site couldn’t find the part right away, locked door, etc.)

3.    First and last name of the person that verified the fix

4.    What time (local) the repair was completed

5.    Any other relevant details

6. IF YOU HAVE A KIT SENT TO SITE I MUST HAVE A LIST OF ALL PARTS IN IT AND THE DISPOSITION OF PART :

4 Different options for Disposition of Parts

USED

DOA

GNU

MISSING




Make/model/serial# of equipment serviced

Part to be ordered including part#




For any technical support issues :

Compucom tech support 866-835-7877

Compucom Service desk 855-755-3625




DO NOT STAY ONSITE WHILE RE IMAGES ARE TAKING PLACE. YOU WILL NOT BE PAID FOR THIS TIME. This is monitored off site. 

IF UNSURE HOW MANY PARTS ONSITE REACH OUT TO PIVITAL TO CONFIRM TRACKING NUMBERS

Return part tracking number (picture)

RETURN TRACKING NUMBER FOR PARTS SENT TO SITE--- IF UNABLE TO LOCATE PART MOD NAME THAT WORKED WITH YOU TO LOOK FOR THE PARTS....... WILL NOT PAY UNTIL I HAVE RETURN TRACKING FOR ALL PARTS.

PLEASE CALL Pivital CompuCom Tech Line @ +1 888-372-7813 option 5 TO FIND OUT IF PARTS WERE SENT TO SITE AND FOR TRACKING NUMBERS FOR PARTS 

MUST HAVE PHOTO OF RETURN TRACKING LABEL FOR PARTS SENT TO SITE

MUST HAVE UPLOADED DELIVERABLE DOCUMENT

MUST HAVE DETAILED CLOSE OUT NOTES TO ACCOUNT FOR YOUR ONSITE TIME 

We need to have the work orders closed while onsite. If unable to mark complete we AT least need detailed notes as to what happened onsite and the work order closed within 24 hours.




IF you have a KIT :

all Target Kits in this email are to be returned to Louisville. The instructions are currently to pull the defective hard-drive and send back to Washburn, and then send the Kit, minus the defective hard drive to Louisville. Unfortunately, the Techs are not following the instructions and are sending the whole kits to Washburn, so we need to ensure to have the KITs sent to Louisville for the refresh.

KIT-2813-TAR

KIT-AATO-TAR

KIT-AATO-SMALL-TAR

KIT-7040-TAR

KIT-710-TAR

KIT-710HVSX-TAR

KIT-4380-TAR

KIT-120-AMP

Friendly reminder...

•    Always add part # and its corresponding PR on the outside of the box.

•    If an old PR is in the box, please remove it an update it with the correct one.

•    Make sure to send the part back using the correct return waybill number and to the correct warehouse in a timely fashion.

•    Never send a used consumable part back.

•    Update the system with part usage and return tracking number so the LA is able to process the PR in a timely fashion.







CREDENTIALS REQUIRED:




• Minimum 1-2 years of related work experience, high school diploma, or technical training, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience. 




• A+ certification or equivalent experience.




• Current comprehensive background check and drug test.










TOOLS REQUIRED:




• Smart Phone (fully charged with voice/data/camera/Field Solutions app)




• Laptop




• Basic PC/Standard Toolkit




• Copy of FN Work Order and any Technical Documents (attached under FN Work order )




• Photo ID/Driver License










GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:




• Good hygiene, as well as a professional and clean appearance (dress code is “business casual”). 




• No helpers of any kind are allowed without prior consent.




• Carry a photo ID/driver license while on-site.




• Do not ask a customer for tools or assistance.




• Arrive with tools and supplies needed to complete the work.




View Less
Policies & Procedures
PIVITAL Policies & Procedures
----------------------------------------------
*****ATTENTION: ALL ITEMS ARE REQUIRED FOR PAYMENT****

-IMPORTANT: Present yourself as an representative of PIVITAL.  Do not promote any
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/8/2019 at 4:09 PM(EDT)
You must watch attached video--How to Represent Yourself for Compucom Systems March - FINAL.mp4
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 3:53 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 2:35 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for used or GNU part
Upload/take photo of Return tracking label.
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 4:36 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Completed Compucom Deliverable sheet
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 4:38 PM(EDT)
Upload/take photo of Signed by MOD completed Sign off sheet
View Photo
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 4:38 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 4:17 PM(EDT)
Enter closeout notes
1. What was done to the unit
SWAPPED HAND SCANNER HONEYWELL 1900GRC-2

2. Anything that attributed to the equipment failure or delay in service (water damage, physical damage, site couldn’t find
the part right away, locked door, etc.)

ARRIVED ONSITE. TOOK 25 MINUTES FOR MANAGER TO ARRIVE, LOCATE THE REGISTER THAT REQUIRED SCANNER, TRIP TO MANAGEMENT OFFICE, TRIP TO RECEIVING
NO USB CABLE ON UNIT. DELAYED 8 MINUTES SEARCHING FOR USB CABLE.
SCANNER DID NOT WORK AT FIRST. REBOOTED.
UNIT WORKED AFTER REBOOT AND MOVING TO ANOTHER USB PORT.

3. First and last name of the person that verified the fix
TRICIA THOMPSON

4. What time (local) the repair was completed
4:15PM
5. Any other relevant details
N/A


4 Different options for Disposition of Parts
USED/DEFECTIVE
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 4:00 PM(EDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.7 Total hours
1.7 hours
10/10/2019 at 2:35 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
10/10/2019 at 4:17 PM(EDT)
GPS unavailable
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/10/2019 at 2:35 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Return tracking label. (1)
IMG_20191010_155457405.jpg(3.11 MB)
10/10/2019 at 4:36 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Completed Compucom Deliverable sheet (1)
IMAGE-16DB7648607.jpg(3.09 MB)
10/10/2019 at 4:38 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Signed by MOD completed Sign off sheet (1)
IMAGE-16DB764DC19.jpg(2.66 MB)
10/10/2019 at 4:38 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Note: signoff sheet
Misc (0)
Shipments
UPS
1Z93A3E80143589398
Shipping to site
Delivered Oct 8, 2019
Description: TGTCSN-SCAN XENON 1900 HANDHELD SCANNER 
Added by Jayluna Genon
UPS
1zy644r00605918939
Shipping from site
Shipment unavailable
Description: Hand Scanner
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 6 days 
Learn more
Labor
$75.00
Pay Amount
$75.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$8.63
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$75.00
Total Service Charges
$8.63
Total
$66.37
Schedule
Thu, Oct 10, 2019

Arrive at 12:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Brooklyn, NY 11217 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
