# Work Order 1300382

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/1300382  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 16:23:34  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
24
Paid#1300382
On 4/21/2015
PC Support - San Francisco, CA
Company: AXA Professionals
	
Time Logged
0 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$17.74
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Girmen Rashad
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
7
Engagement
Overview
Company: AXA Professionals
327 Sheldon Avenue
Staten Island, NY 10312
This is not the work order address.

Overall satisfaction:
 (13351)
Title: PC Support - San Francisco, CA
Client: No client specified
Project: No project specified
Talent Type: Field Nation
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description
 	
 	 

Need a tech to go on site per customer's request and help with all IT related issues pertaining to user support and helpdesk open tickets.  This will be a scheduled visit one day per week, 8 hours each each visit.

Dress code is business casual, no sneakers and no jeans please.  This is an hourly call at $20/hr. minimum 2 hours.

Please do not bring the FieldNation paperwork with you, only bring paperwork that will be emailed once the WO is assigned to you.

View Less
Standard Instructions
Pay is calculated as time working onsite. In most cases this does not include Lunches.


Bring a valid Government ID with you.


Please do not forget to upload your time sheet at the end of the assignment into you work order.
 

No Firearms Or Weapons Allowed Onsite
 
Dress Code: dress code is business casual, no sneakers no jeans and nothing with competitive logos on it



Please DO NOT bring FieldNation paperwork with you to the customer's site, only bring paperwork that will be emailed once the WO is assigned to y
View More
Policies & Procedures
No Firearms Or Weapons Allowed Onsite 
-Dress code is business casual (no jeans, holes in shoes, etc)
-Please do not mention FieldNation at all while onsite. Do not bring FieldNation paperwork with you only bring paperwork that will be emailed to you once the
View More
Tasks
Prep
There are no tasks in this category.
On Site
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/14/2015 at 2:31 PM(PDT)
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2015 at 9:54 AM(PDT)
Enter closeout notes
Assigned to set up new hires.
The employees were rude, the supervisors were constantly interrupting my work, I had to redo several computers from scratch when I know they were completed. I had locked computers and they were unlocked, my paperwork was moved from my work area to several isles over, and at the end the last supervisor ACTUALLY was waiting around because he thought I was going to be forced to leave with him against my will. Obviously I left by myself.
It was a vile day.
Time was adjusted for breaks and lunch
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/20/2015 at 2:35 AM(PDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/15/2015 at 7:17 PM(PDT)
Post
There are no tasks in this category.
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
0 hours
4/15/2015 at 7:00 AM(PDT)
GPS unavailable
Currently checked in
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton 
Deliverables
Misc (1)
img_20150420_024826.jpg(820.68 KB)
4/20/2015 at 2:50 AM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 4 days 
Learn more
Labor
$20.00
Rate
$20.00
Hours
8 Max
Service Charges2
$2.26
Sum
Work Order Cost
$20.00
Total Service Charges
$2.26
Total
$17.74
Schedule
Wed, Apr 15, 2015

Arrive at 9:00 AM (PDT)

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
San Francisco, CA 94104 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
