# Work Order 5661064

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5661064  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:28:16  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5661064
On 10/26/2018
Server replacement
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
	
Time Logged
14.13 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$496.72
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jason Carter
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
4
Engagement
Overview
Company: xxx-AVT Technology Solutions LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (11626)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description
Call the Staples Command Center once onsite and to get permission to leave. Tech to install new server and dispose of old server in the Gaylord bin. Ship hard drives to Freedman metal address located in the install guide. Use install guide 2017 RTR Server Replacement v1.4 or newest version under Staples CID. Any issues call Barry Bell.
View Less
Standard Instructions
Ensure proper grounding with an ESD device when adding, replacing and/or removing internal components.

Prior to departing site submit your work order using the Field Nation Mobile App.  

The use of scissor lifts or other types of motorized lifts is not authorized.  If an appropriate sized ladder is not available contact FLS or the Project Manager immediately.





Policies & Procedures
All back outs, scheduling issues, arrival issues must be communicated by phone.

1.  Only the technician assigned to the work order is allowed onsite.  Payment will be denied if&nb
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/22/2018 at 7:09 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/23/2018 at 7:28 PM(EDT)
Call the command center once onsite 888-438-4800 option 2, 4, 3 &amp;3
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/24/2018 at 9:38 AM(EDT)
Give old Hard drives to manger.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/24/2018 at 9:38 AM(EDT)
Give arm, key and microSD card Reader with labeled envelope to manager for storage in the Cash Office safe.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/24/2018 at 9:38 AM(EDT)
Send Faxback form to Command Center and upload it to workorder.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/24/2018 at 9:38 AM(EDT)
Call the command center to checkout and be released.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/24/2018 at 9:38 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/24/2018 at 9:36 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
sccm image failed. aborted install. Arrived on site and checked in
The store closed at 9 pm and not 8 pm
The manager was Kevin.
Asked Manager where inventory was; command center stated that there was only a monitor and server to install. No kiosk to uninstall nor a printer install.
Asked manager about sd card and the manager did not know about sdcard but there was an sd card in the server when I attempted to place one manager took from stock.
Marcus started the backup after the store closed.
Did not find the switch in the room nor any networking equipment.
The cash room required another drop for the phone and the iLO had to take the port that was being used by the phone.
Traced port 9 and 13 on the cash switch; swapped port 5 and 15 on the switch because 13 was being used for another purpose.
Informed Marcus of the switch and he texted me back approving the switch to free up port 13.
Informed the manager that he was losing a phone line in the office and installed the new server.
The image was stuck midway into the task sequence; stalled for an half an hour then failed.
The command center aborted the install.
I kept the iLO for the new server on port 13 and placed the old server on port 9.

A new network admin took over for Marcus and attempted to revert the old server. The admin stated he "could not put the old server back onto the domain". He spent several hours trying to place the old server back onto the domain. He worked with his support team and did not realize nor communicate to me that the server was not being seen on the network and the ethernet cable was in the wrong port.
The command center and myself tried to help NIco but he kept saying that he could not put the server back onto the doman and not that it was not being seen on the network. He kept having me reboot the machine and I troubleshot with him and asked him if I needed to check or do anything to the server to help him. He only had me reseat the cable on the server and on the switch. He would tell me he was calling me back and take 30-60 minutes to call back, kept saying he could not join the domain and not that he could not see the server on the network.
I could not see the networking for the sever via the GUI because the Navigator software was occluding the desktop.
Finally the issue was found and the server was placed correctly back onto the network. I swapped the ethernet cable to another port and then he was able to see the machine. He never said he could not "see" the server, he presented as if he could see the server but not join it to the domain and he could not "connect" to the server. His manager and I spoke and I informed her that I attempted to troubleshoot with Nico but he kept focusing on "joining it to the domain" and not presented as if the server was on the network.
Once he was able to see the server and the Manager and Inventory specialist rebooted the machines, then all registers were functional and the install was rolled back completely.
Time spent above and beyond was becasue the network admin could not accurately explain and skipped checking the port/ethernet connection and was fociused on having me and other admins try to join the server to the domain.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/24/2018 at 9:39 AM(EDT)
Time Log
14.13 Total hours
14.13 hours
10/23/2018 at 7:28 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
10/24/2018 at 9:36 AM(EDT)
0 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/23/2018 at 7:28 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (2)
IMG_20181024_1459223.jpg(2.65 MB)
10/24/2018 at 3:04 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
IMG_20181024_1458320.jpg(2.93 MB)
10/24/2018 at 3:04 PM
Pending review
Sadiqa Thornton
862-350-1878
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Target Approval Review Period: 1 day 
Learn more
Labor
$180.00
Pay Amount
$180.00
Requested Pay Change Denied
$380.00
Additional Charges1
$380.00
Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$63.28
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$560.00
Total Service Charges
$63.28
Total
$496.72
Schedule
Tue, Oct 23, 2018

Arrive at 7:30 PM (EDT)

Estimated 6 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
Manhattan, NY 10018 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
