# Work Order 5836414

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5836414  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:30:09  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5836414
On 12/7/2018
Overnight Refresh Project
Company: SmartSource Inc.
	
Time Logged
15.07 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$334.17
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jackleen Koon
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
6
Engagement
Overview
Company: SmartSource Inc.
Overall satisfaction:
 (34893)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

We are  seeking technicians to assist with a deployment project 
**A background check is required to be completed by the provider- at no cost to provider, a link will be sent to the provider to log in and complete this background check.**
A Technical Screening by buyers client is required!

**MUST take a quiz for an APP specific to this client ALONG with DOWNLOADING OF THE APP ON YOUR PHONE- MUST USE THIS APP TO CHECK IN AND OUT AND MARK UPDATES**

THIS IS AN OVERNIGHT DEPLOYMENT.
ALL DOCUMENTATION FOR WORK ORDER IS SENT DIRECTLY TO ASSIGNED PROVIDERS EMAIL ADDRESS, IT WILL NOT BE IN THE WORK ORDER
Dress Attire: Business Casual-Regular Pants, regular shoes, collared polo shirt or buttoned down dress shirt. (No Visible Tattoos or piercings!) NO JEANS, SHORTS, SNEAKERS OR T-SHIRTS

Hours: Site Times Will Vary But General Start Time Will be 7:45pm LOCAL TIME
Estimated time onsite per person per site: 8-15 hrs


Deliverables: A step by step script along with deliverables will be provided by our client

Required Tools
Standard computer tool kit to include:
Philips screwdriver
Flat head screwdriver
Flashlight
Charged Cell phone preferably an Android or iPhone
Box Cutter
Pen
Phone Charger
 
Optional Tools
Laptop or Tablet must have MS Word (equivalent) to edit documents
 
GENERAL Scope of Work
Inventory new computers capture serial number, picture and form
Replace Server, UBS Battery, desktop computer, Printer, Monitor, keyboard, mouse, and any associated cables
Complete cable management
Capture serial number of old machine, serial number of new machine
Inventory form (emailed or faxed to Command Center)
Clean up and assure that all old equipment is neatly packed and ready to be shipped
 
Support Technician:  
·         A+ or Network + or equivalent classroom training and 2+ years related industry experience or minimum of 2+ years minimum related industry experience
·         Ability to comprehend industry standard network connectivity, navigation, and software installation
·         Must have a background deploying computer related hardware including but not limited to, printers, desktops, monitors and
·         Must be able to lift a minimum of 50lbs without any restrictions
·         Windows 7 knowledge


View Less
Standard Instructions
DO NOT MENTION FIELD NATION OR SMARTSOURCE, INC TO ANYONE ONSITE OR OVER THE PHONE. You are to represent the client listed in the work order while onsite.

CONFIRMATION PROCESS: (There will be 2 points of confirmation of your participation in this project.)

(Point #1) 24 Hour Reconfirmation: You are required to reconfirm your acceptance of the site you are doing 24 hours in advance. SmartSource will contact you until you do. Please proactively call into your recruiter to verbally acknowledge that you have all necessary tools, step-by-step script documentation printed out and arrangements made to be onsite 15 minutes prior to start time. This is a must!
(Point #2) Same Day Reconfirmation: SmartSource will be sending an automated text approxim
View More
Policies & Procedures
BACKGROUND CHECKS - Please note: per our client contracts, candidate must be willing to complete a background and/or drug screening. It is of no cost to the provider to run the background check.

APPROVAL
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/24/2018 at 2:14 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/28/2018 at 7:46 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/29/2018 at 10:51 AM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I must convey unfortunate events that occurred during the refresh.
The Lead Dobby and Rich were discriminatory during the refresh and this resulted in Dobby limiting my involvement to the basic physical aspect to the deployment and Richard to spend most of the evening being bigoted against me for being LGBT and non-religious. I do not know how they knew of my orientation and my secular status, however, from the very beginning he was asserting that he was an atheist and kept bringing up the religious attitude about LGBT individuals all night.
One other technician kept saying that same sex relationships were "unnatural"
and while I did engage in the discussion, it was to present a logical and clear discussion of the subjects based on inclusion and "equal protection under the law".
Richard would take the other techs to to work and tell me we were having a break so he could take on tech to get food; but they were doing to software/desktop support part of the refresh and excluding me from the process.
Dobby kept stopping me from working on the software and printing portion and sending me back to unpack/box up the old equipment, then complaining that it was going to take longer to finish the project to the client.
It was so bad that Richard and one other tech said that they were from the Caribbean and it was illegal to be Gay there and they "were not having it" and America is bad for "putting up with Gay people".
At the end of the shift, Richard showed me a video of a male of African decent being violently attacked by another POC male and the comments said it was because the victim was Gay.
I contributed in the room where the assets were located and installed computers on the floor for the evening, so I was working; but being a professional with over a decade of Desktop Support and deployment experience; I am insulted by being excluded from basic configurations on the new computers.
I am more upset at the bigotry. Actually, Richard brought up morality and said that sometime murder can be moral in the correct situation. It was not a direct "gay people should be killed" but he then pivoted back to his argument that homosexuality is not "normal".
I know that the client is Insight and I have worked on their projects since .2008 so I can make an informed inference to how they will react; so I am not asking you to inform Insight(unless you want to do so). You have a contract to think about. I am saying that this discrimination is unacceptable and should not be tolerated. There is a precedent in our lexicon of law and our Republic and even though it is not a 100% agreed upon, we do not discriminate in the workplace, We definitely do not show violent hate crimes to people to put a disgusting exclamation point on the evening.
People should leave their hatred at the door and just do their jobs.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/30/2018 at 9:39 AM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
15.07 Total hours
15.07 hours
11/28/2018 at 7:45 PM(EDT)
0.08 miles from site
11/29/2018 at 10:49 AM(EDT)
0.06 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 11/28/2018 at 7:46 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 15 days 
Learn more
Labor
$376.75
Rate
$25.00
Hours
15.07 Logged / 15.07...
Service Charges2
$42.58
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$376.75
Total Service Charges
$42.58
Total
$334.17
Schedule
Wed, Nov 28, 2018

Arrive at 7:45 PM (EST)

Estimated 10 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
Jamaica, NY 11436 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
