# Work Order 5655716

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/5655716  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 17:27:57  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
26
Paid#5655716
On 11/16/2018
GAP Service-Maintenance Register Base Unit Replacement (US/CA)
Company: Spencer Technologies
	
Time Logged
3.6 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$155.22
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Jeanne Hester
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: Spencer Technologies
Overall satisfaction:
 (178137)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Point of Sale
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:no service type specified
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Recruitment	Must pass an upcoming recruitment
Type of work	Point of Sale (POS)
Service Description

Escalation Path:

In the event that you are unable able to keep this appointment you must call the PM listed in this work order.

Standards:

Technician will be representing Spencer Technologies while onsite, a high level of professionalism is required. 
Dress code:  Clean appearance, jeans are acceptable, shirts should be free of any logos or prints.
Printed copy of this work order.

Overview of Scope:

Technician to replace Base Unit at Register Number listed in custom fields and test with Tech Support to confirm functionality.

Typical job duration:

1-2 hours dependent on skillset /experience with the scope listed.

Out of Scope work:

In the event of out of scope work Spencer Service MUST be notified.
Out of Scope work will need to be approved by the Project Manager listed in the ticket
Out of Scope work for flat rated tickets will be paid at the agreed to rate of this ticket (with PM approval only.)
If you do not receive approval prior to completion you will not be paid for your additional time onsite. 

Scope of Work:

Technician should provide the name(s) of Support, Site Management, or any other pertinent person(s) to Service member upon check out.

 
Check-In Requirements: (Upon arrival to the site)
• Tech must check-in with the Spencer POS Service Division ************** *** ** **** *** * ** ***** ***
• Upon Check In, tech is to provide Service Agent with Serial Numbers, Asset Tag Numbers and Waybill UPS Tracking Number for broken part and replacement part.
• Tech must work with Spencer Support Team ************** *** ** **** *** ** while on site.
• If there are long hold times for Service, you can email your check in to ************************************* with the following information to check in:
Please Include WO/Call Number in Subject Line
Arrival Time
Existing SN
Existing Asset Tag (if applicable)
Replacement SN
Replacement Asset Tag
Waybill Tracking #
MOD Name

While Onsite:
• DO NOT exceed 2 hours on the job without contacting Spencer Service Department ************** *** ** **** *** **
• Tech must photograph any damaged parts and email photos to *************************************
 
Check-Out Requirements: (Upon completion of the job, BEFORE leaving the site)
• Tech must photograph any damaged and email photos to *************************************
• Tech must Check-Out with Spencer Service Department ************** *** ** **** *** * ** ***** ****
• Tech must provide the names of all pertinent person(s) they worked with.
• Technician must take before and after site photos of work if scope involves register cleaning(s). Technician must send these photos to *************************************
• Technician MUST write RMA number on any/all boxes being returned to Certified Retail Solutions/Spencer technologies. (Number MUST be visible and legible - write in Marker on outside of boxes)
• Technician is responsible for dropping the damaged equipment off at UPS for return to Certified Retail Solutions.
• In the event you do not have an RMA number, please write the Call number on the boxes being returned.

Deliverables:

Asset Tag Number
Replacement Serial Number
Newly Installed Serial Number
UPS Return Tracking Number
All deliverables should be sent to *************************************

Required Tools:

Basic Hand tools
Camera or smart phone with ability to email in deliverables from site.




View Less
Standard Instructions
**Please Review, Policies Have Changed**
Any deliverables that are listed as required for work order completion must be uploaded to the field nation platform upon completion of the work onsite. Failure to upload all listed deliverables within 24 hours of exiting the job site will result in a 25% penalty to the total labor payment.

While on this work order you are a representative of Spencer Technologies. All interactions with the customer, store personnel and Project Manager should be done in a professional manner. Any questions or concerns about the scope of work should be directed to Spencer Technologies only. Failure to do so may result in removal from eligibility for future work from us.

If for any reason upon arrival and checking in with the Project Manager the work order is cancelled or resch
View More
Policies & Procedures
You MUST read and understand the contents of the Work Order carefully before requesting. KNOW WHO TO CALL IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS.  
**IF YOU HAVE AN EMERGENCY AND CANNOT REACH THE PM LISTED ON THE WORK ORDER, CONTACT FIELD NATION IMMEDIATELY SO THEY CAN RELAY THE MESSAGE**

**NOT
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/16/2018 at 7:39 PM(EDT)
review scope of work prior to arriving on job site
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 2:33 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 2:07 PM(EDT)
Call ****************************** regarding Check-In with Spencer Service
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 2:33 PM(EDT)
Enter custom field
Enter custom field
Enter custom field
Enter custom field
Call ****************************** regarding working with Spencer Tech Support If there are long hold times for Service, you can email your check in to SpencerPOSMaintenance@spencertech.com with above task information
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 5:17 PM(EDT)
Call ****************************** regarding Check-Out with Spencer Service
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 6:09 PM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 5:55 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I arrived and was informed incorrectly that the machine was fixed/swapped out last night. I acquired the new replacement serial number and asset tag number and asked the manager to show me the register. The register was not swapped and offline.
I swapped out the base unit.
Bios configurations were corrected with the help to Spencer tech support.
The mac was given and was updated on the server.
I waited five minutes and the unit would not pxe boot nor image.
Jeff directed me to the MDF to check on the switch.
The port 1.1 -14 was in the incorrect port on SW1.
It was on port 25 and it should of been on port 23.
Traced patch cable to port 25 then switched it to port 23
Tech support fixed issues on the switch then informed me to wait 5 minutes to boot machine.
rebooted machine three times and then the unit PX# booted and I was able to select the register image.
Approximately 60 minutes for imaging.
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 5:25 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
3.6 Total hours
3.48 hours
10/17/2018 at 2:19 PM(EDT)
0.02 miles from site
10/17/2018 at 5:48 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 2:23 PM(EDT)
0.12 hours
10/17/2018 at 2:05 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
10/17/2018 at 2:12 PM(EDT)
0.03 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 10/17/2018 at 2:07 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
0-day terms (processed on the Friday following Work Order approval)
Estimated Time to Approval: 9 days 
Learn more
Labor
$175.00
Pay Amount
$175.00

The request for pay change was accepted.

Penalties0
$0.00
Service Charges2
$19.78
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$175.00
Total Service Charges
$19.78
Total
$155.22
Schedule
Wed, Oct 17, 2018

Arrive at 2:00 PM (EDT)

Estimated 2 hours to complete

Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10012 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
