# Work Order 15254488

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/15254488  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 21:16:11  
**Processor:** Final Batch Processor

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
30
Paid#15254488
On 6/4/2024
Internet Caption Phone (PSTN) Installation and Training
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Work Order Complete
Consent Submitted
Welcome Call Complete
	
Time Logged
1.35 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$71.90
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Laurie Garcia
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
5
Engagement
Overview
Company: ClearCaptions Inside Sales
Overall satisfaction:
 (189687)
Work Experience
Type of work:
POTS
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Type:
Installation
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
Equipment	Laptop
Equipment	face mask
Equipment	surgical gloves
Equipment	Smartphone
Equipment	Shoe Covers
Equipment	RJ11 Splitter Adapter
Background Check	Must have passed a background check in the last 24 months
Service Description

*** PLEASE REVIEW THE WORK ORDER IN FULL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING ***

Important. All ClearCaptions Work Orders are pre-arranged with our customers and should only be requested and accepted by field technicians who are able to service as dated. ClearCaptions’ scheduling accounts for customers’ availability and the earliest available phone kit delivery date to ensure as minimal wait time as possible for our high-need population.

 

OVERVIEW:

This is a residential installation of a ClearCaptions captioning telephone (basic phone install) with a customer experiencing hearing loss. This job should take approximately 1-2 hours.
The phone kit will already be on site. The kit does NOT include a phone line splitter, DSL filters, phone line couplers, RJ-11 cables, or RJ-45 cables which are necessary to have on hand.
Information regarding ClearCaptions’ payment structure can be found within Documents under "Work Order Payment Policy".
Information regarding contacting customers and Clear Captions’ rescheduling protocol can be found within Documents under “Customer Contact and Installation Reschedule Policy”.

 

REQUIRED TOOLS:

Line Splitter
Couplers (RJ-11 Female to Female Extension Cord Coupler recommended)
RJ-11 and CAT6 RJ-45 Cables (10'-12' recommended)
Extension Cord (tight space model recommended)
DSL Filter 

 

For tips on sourcing:

Wholesale options here: https://rb.gy/wau7v6
Cost effective splitter option here: https://rb.gy/4mdcah
Easy access splitter option here: https://rb.gy/xrr8i9
Short length extension option here: https://rb.gy/ktkwri
Tight space extension option here: https://rb.gy/wf2di1

 

DRESS CODE: Our requirement is that providers show up clean and presentable wearing business casual attire. Slacks or jeans (no holes/patches), closed-toed shoes, and a polo shirt; NO hats during installation.

 

EXPECTATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:

Providers who have not completed our annual CTP Compliance Training please click the following link to complete: https://rb.gy/tfh2hz
Check-in/Check-out must be completed while onsite.
No agent other than the assigned provider is permitted to be onsite or complete installation even if agent is part of a service company.
ClearCaptions or ClearCaptions contractors are prohibited from mounting the caption phone and/or creating any structural changes to a work site. This is including but not limited to drilling holes and running cable.  
All travel must be submitted in a counteroffer and be pre-approved prior to assignment. We do not honor travel pay submitted after Work Order acceptance and/or completion. Tools/cables used must have an uploaded receipt for pay out.
At no point are technicians permitted to request payment from customers.
Rescheduling is not permitted. If required for qualified reasons: Technician must contact ClearCaptions’ at least 48 hrs. in advance of scheduled service date. All requests must be coordinated with the Check-in / Check-out rescheduling contact listed in the work order. See policy in Documents for more information.

 

PRE-SITE INSTRUCTIONS:

Review three short tools that will help make this installation successful, all located in the Work Order Documents (required): 

“Compliance and CPNI Training” guide 
“Phone Installation” video 
“Building Customer Relationships” video 

 

ONSITE INSTRUCTIONS:

Download and reference "Installation Checklist" in Documents for step-by-step instructions.
A full flip through "Phone Guide" can be accessed here: https://rb.gy/ifegij. And additional quick guides in Documents.
Username and Password are located under Buyer Customer Fields in the Work Order. If this information is not viewable ensure you are correctly checked in onsite and call ************. Recording and/or retaining customer login credentials after the installation is strictly prohibited.

 

TROUBLESHOOTING:

Call ClearCaptions at ************ for Issues preventing the installation and or for VoIP Installation process. Conversion to VoIP installation without authorization or misrepresenting services onsite is strictly prohibited and may result in penalty, non-payment of work order or site revisit without additional pay. 




SOFTWARE UPDATES:

Job aid available in Documents.

View Less
Policies & Procedures
Customer Privacy Agreement:
Reference is hereby made to the Standard Work Order Terms and Conditions of Field Nation, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, last modified December 11, 2020 (as may be amended or revised from time to time, the “Work Order Terms
View More
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 1:23 PM(EDT)
Review the entire work order and all documents for updates.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:40 PM(EDT)
Acknowledge Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement: Please review the service description and/or the attached document titled "Supplemental Customer Privacy Agreement". Complete this task to acknowledge and accept the terms prior to onsite arrival.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:40 PM(EDT)
If you have not completed the Compliance CTP, review ClearCaptions FCC Compliance Training (PowerPoint attached). By marking this task as complete you are certifying you have completed and understand the provided training.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:40 PM(EDT)
Watch installation tutorial video attached to the work order. "ClearCaptions - Landline Phone Install Video".
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:41 PM(EDT)
Print and review the "CC Caption Phone Install Checklist" and "Voicemail Access Guide" attached to the work order.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:41 PM(EDT)
Print the Printable Badge &amp; Authorization contained in the work order. Use as identification when arriving onsite.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:41 PM(EDT)
Confirm you have an Rj11 Splitter Adapter on hand as this will not be onsite and may be required to complete installation.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:41 PM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:07 PM(EDT)
On Site
On Time
Confirm intended user of caption phone will be present for appointment. If not contact us immediately at 888.317.2703.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:41 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer has active landline service. *If customer does not have active landline service or active jack in preferred location you MUST call 866.868.8695 for instruction before proceeding with installation.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:47 PM(EDT)
Confirm customer login credentials, User Name &amp; User Password- Is located under Buyer Customer Fields listed as "User Name" and "User Password" in the Field Nation Work Order. If unable to locate call 888.317.2703.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:47 PM(EDT)
By completing this task I confirm the caption phone was installed as PSTN or conversion to Voip installation was approved by ClearCaptions. *Voip conversion without authorization or misrepresenting services onsite is strictly prohibited.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:47 PM(EDT)
Confirm each step listed in the printed "PSTN Installation Checklist" was followed and completed, including all training steps with the customer.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:47 PM(EDT)
Check and confirm new caption phone, other home telephones, extension phones, and/or internet connected devices physically plugged into the modem or router. If a device is not operational call to 866.868.8695 option 1 prior to leaving site.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:47 PM(EDT)
By completing this task I confirm I did not make any calls to nor did I receive any calls from the end user and contact information was not exchanged.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:51 PM(EDT)
Confirm Welcome Call was completed with ClearCaptions Representative by dialing: 1.866.992.0089. If the Welcome Call is not completed the work order is subject to non-payment.
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 3:51 PM(EDT)
If the installation has failed for any reason and the device is to be returned to ClearCaptions use the included pre-paid mailing label in the box. Update Return Tracking field with tracking number on the label. If a return is not needed enter "NA".
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 4:26 PM(EDT)
Enter shipping details for Return Tracking (if applicable)
Check out
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 4:48 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
install complete
Completed by you on 5/31/2024 at 4:49 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
1.35 Total hours
1.35 hours
5/31/2024 at 3:07 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
5/31/2024 at 4:28 PM(EDT)
0.01 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 5/31/2024 at 3:07 PM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Other
999999999
Shipping to site
New - Status pending
Description: na
Added by Sadiqa Thornton
Add Shipment
Pay
Fixed
Payment Terms
7-day terms (processed on the second Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 3 days 
Learn more
Labor
$85.00
Pay Amount
$85.00
Approximate Hours to Complete
1
Service Charges2
$13.10
Taxes0
$0.00
Sum
Work Order Cost
$85.00
Total Service Charges
$13.10
Total
$71.90
Schedule
Fri, May 31, 2024

Arrive at 3:00 PM (EDT)

Hard Start

Your first check in will be measured for timeliness. 

Learn more

Estimated 1 hour to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
GPS Required
To help expedite the approval of this work order your location is required during check in/out.
Work order site
ESSEX JUNCTION, VT 05452 US
Residential
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by Final Batch Processor*
