# Work Order 10843473

**URL:** https://app.fieldnation.com/workorders/10843473  
**Extracted:** 2025-06-10 18:56:16  
**Processor:** FieldNation Automated Batch Processor (Full CSV Processing)

---

Work
Workforce
Recruitments
Manage
Integrations
Insights
0.00
2
29
Paid#10843473
On 4/11/2022
METLIFE - Return to Office Deskside Support: 200 Park NY - NSSR070 RITM3905985
Company: DXC Technology Services LLC
	
Time Logged
37.54 hours
	
Pay: Paid
$948.87
	
Assigned Provider
Sadiqa Thornton
ID: 24217
862-350-1878
	
Manager/Site contact
Mary McDonough
Print
Report Problem
Rate Buyer
Details
 Messages 
2
Engagement
Overview
Company: DXC Technology Services LLC
Overall satisfaction:
 (3938)
Work Experience
Type of work:
Windows Device
Additional Types of Work:No Additional types of work have been added
Service Types:
Troubleshooting
Setup
Work Order Qualifications
The following requirements have been marked as necessary in order to successfully complete this work order. Make sure that you have updated your profile to accurately reflect your qualifications before requesting.
Type	Qualification
COVID-19	Must be willing to show proof of vaccination against COVID-19 on-site
Type of work	Desktop/Laptop
Service Description

Time: 8:00am to 4:30pm Monday - Friday (40 Hours - 30 minute unpaid lunch daily)

Location: 200 Park Ave New York, NY, 10036

Description: Need tech onsite to assist employee's returning to office with deskside support questions. Requires familiarity with Windows OS use and basic troubleshooting of peripheral setup (keyboard\mouse\docking station).   At this time, NY State requires Techs to be vaccinated to enter the building.

Dress: Business Casual - Mask mandates may vary by site - check with your site contact when you arrive.

** Field Nation Techs must have background checks done thru Field Nation to be eligible for this assignment.







View Less
Tasks
Prep
Set start time
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 3/31/2022 at 9:15 AM(EDT)
On Site
Check in
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/4/2022 at 7:59 AM(EDT)
Check out
Completed by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/8/2022 at 3:02 PM(EDT)
Post
Enter closeout notes
I transferred to NYC and witnessed and was subjected to the mismanagement of the project by the onsite techs.
The contracted desktop support technicians were barred work space and access to the building solely because we are contractors; which is a violation of NYS and NYC law. We were put into separate solo conference rooms outside and away from other employees. I am quite doubtful that the SLA that set the parameters of this project allotted for "cage" like conference rooms.
RXR denied key cards to us solely because of our contractor status which is in violation of NYC and NYS law. Contractors are to have access to the same tools as full employees. The main part of our work was to go from floor to floor and limiting us to stairs and outside was an undue interference with this agreement. I also have Gastroparesis and it is considered a disability/condition under employment law; and by having me walk up and down stairs violated ADA requirements.
Michael Charlton thought it was quite funny when I addressed my chronic illness and taking the stairs. He was solely focused on portraying us in a bad light, giving us garbage work and humiliating us for the whole project.
Richard, the other tech seems to be on the Autism spectrum; they were barking orders in his ears and causing him to have episodes the whole project. I had to tell Russo the telephony person to leave from around a desk because he wanted to look up my dress. He actually got mad that I would dare reject his harassment. They were all fully convinced that contractors do not have full Discrimination law protections.

Michael said that all they have to do is ‘pay us for our hours’, not follow any employment law, any employment agreements barring discrimination, nothing; just put in hours we were there and then treat us like animals and ruin the project. An RXR employee was doing the work and hanging monitors, which violates insurance requirements and is a colossal overstepping on his part. Since when does facilities take over a project and dictate what aspects of a contract is honored and which is ignored.

There is and was nothing wrong with the team assembled for this project. We were barred participation in this project because of our contractor status; gender, sexual orientation, disability; the demographics of the team so we were deemed not good enough to do the job. I do not like spending 5 days in a cage being humiliated when I am a 14 year IT Veteran and would of ran that team and project to perfection.

All of this will be additionally reported to FN within a discrimination complaint.


https://www.ebglaw.com/insights/new-york-city-factsheet-clarifies-new-independent-contractor-protections-including-training-and-accommodations/
Completed by you on 4/10/2022 at 2:42 PM(EDT)
Buyer Custom Fields
Provider Custom Fields
Time Log
37.54 Total hours
7.03 hours
4/8/2022 at 8:00 AM(EDT)
0.2 miles from site
4/8/2022 at 3:02 PM(EDT)
0.2 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/8/2022 at 2:55 PM(EDT)
4.17 hours
4/7/2022 at 12:10 PM(EDT)
0.2 miles from site
4/7/2022 at 4:20 PM(EDT)
0.2 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/7/2022 at 12:30 PM(EDT)
2.75 hours
4/7/2022 at 7:57 AM(EDT)
0.17 miles from site
4/7/2022 at 10:42 AM(EDT)
0.2 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/7/2022 at 7:57 AM(EDT)
7.97 hours
4/6/2022 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
0.17 miles from site
4/6/2022 at 4:00 PM(EDT)
0.2 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/6/2022 at 8:02 AM(EDT)
7.6 hours
4/5/2022 at 8:17 AM(EDT)
0.19 miles from site
4/5/2022 at 3:53 PM(EDT)
0.21 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/5/2022 at 8:17 AM(EDT)
8.02 hours
4/4/2022 at 7:59 AM(EDT)
0.19 miles from site
4/4/2022 at 4:00 PM(EDT)
0.21 miles from site
Logged by Sadiqa Thornton on 4/4/2022 at 7:59 AM(EDT)
Deliverables
Misc (0)
Shipments
Add Shipment
Requests
Manage Request
Sadiqa Thornton
Pay
Hourly
Payment Terms
14-day terms (processed on the third Friday after Work Order approval)
Payment Terms do not apply for members of Field Nation Pro
Estimated Time to Approval: 1 day 
Learn more
Labor
$1,126.20
Rate
$30.00
Hours
37.54 Logged / 40 Ma...
Service Charges2
$173.43
Taxes1
$3.90
Sum
Work Order Cost
$1,126.20
Total Service Charges
$173.43
Taxes
$3.90
Total
$948.87
Schedule
Mon, Apr 4, 2022

Arrive at 8:00 AM (EDT)

Estimated 40 hours to complete

Start time set by Sadiqa Thornton. Show details
Show original schedule
Location
Work order site
New York, NY 10036 US
Commercial
Selection Rule
No required/optional Qualifications found

---

*Generated by FieldNation Automated Batch Processor - Full CSV Processing*
